First synthetic organ transplant : Surgeons in Sweden have carried out the world's first synthetic organ transplant ... 
Surgeons carry out first synthetic windpipe transplant > In amazing , non NOTW news ... 
BBC News - Surgeons carry out first synthetic windpipe transplant 
First synthetic organ transplant - 
Lab-made organ implanted for first time : For the first time , a patient has received a synthetic windpipe that wa ... 
BBC News - Surgeons carry out first synthetic windpipe transplant #wow #progress 
Windpipe transplanted from man's own stem cells : A 36 - year-old man who had tracheal cancer has received a new la ... 
BBC News - Surgeons carry out first synthetic windpipe transplant - frikkin amazing 
RT : VIDEO : First synthetic organ transplant < This is a significant breakthrough ! 
Landmark transplant uses stemcell-coated artificial windpipe 
RT : first manmade organ successfully transplanted . 
RT : Doctors have replaced the cancer-stricken windpipe of a patient with an organ made in a lab 
Landmark transplant uses stemcell-coated artificial windpipe 
First synthetic organ transplant - RT RT 
Surgeons implant world's first stem-cell windpipe grown in a lab | Mail Online 
RT : Transplant of world's first man-made organ - Telegraph ( via ) 
1st artificial organ transplant - 
RT : South Sudan becomes independent #southsudan #Africa 
RT : #July9thOyee we are dancin ! ! “ : Dancing in the street as South Sudan starts the independence party early h ... 
South Sudan : Independence is just the beginning : On Saturday , southern Sudan will become the independent country ... 
RT : Congrats to South Sudan on your independence . Look forward to your future 1-0 win over England 
RT : South #Sudan is now an independent country and Africa's newest nation . Massive celebration underway in #Juba . Congratulations . 
South Sudanese mark independence from north JUBA ( Reuters ) - South Sudanese celebrated the birth of their nation o ... 
South #Sudan becomes #independent 
Welcome to the world's newest nation : South Sudan 
RT : South Sudan becomes an independent nation - 
RT : South Sudan becomes an independent nation #Sudan #SthSudan #Africa's 54th World's 193rd nation ... 
RT : Who's coming with me to celebrate the independence of South #Sudan in DC this weekend ? 
RT : As South Sudan celebrates independence , UN vows support in quest for peace , prosperity 
r . i . p Betty Ford
Well Congrats to South Sudan , which is the newest country in the World after reaching their independence today after 50 years of civil war . 
Crowds go wild as South Sudan ( * the world's newest country * ) marks its independence . 
Former first lady Betty Ford dies at the age of 93 #cnn The loss of a really classy lady . 
Betty Ford Dead At 93 - Local News - Spokane , WA - msnbc.com via 
RT : R . I . P . Betty Ford The legendary First Lady has passed away at the age of 93 . 
RT : Betty Ford dead at 93 
RIP Betty Ford . 
RT : RIP Betty Ford . A truly remarkable woman . 
Just heard Betty Ford passed away . 
South Sudan now an independent free state . 
RT Congrats to #SouthSudan on its independence , a new nation blessed with considerable resources but challenged by profound needs 
South Sudan becomes an independent nation 
RT : Former First Lady Betty Ford Dead at 93 - #viaABC News ... 
Happy Independence #Southsudan 
Celebrations in S Sudan but challenges ahead - Southern Sudan Independence - Al Jazeera English via 
south sudan is an official country today ! :) #independence #freedom ! ! ! <3 
Congratulations to #SouthSudan on its independence . #GODBlessSouthSudan #fb 
RT : RNN | South Sudan : South Sudan will officially become independent today when the assembly speaker reads the ... ... 
RT : #southsudan is the newest country on Earth . 
congratulations south sudan as you mark this remarkable day in your history : INDEPENDENCE ! ! ! 
Our FM RT : “ : It's not often we welcome a new nation - I wish South Sudan well for its future . ” #southsudan #2Sudans 
Watching the South Sudanese independence day celebration . This is a beautiful occasion . 
South sudan has officially gained independence from the north 
South Sudan celebrates independence 
Nota zero em geografia > > RT : NOAR crashed on Boa Viajem beache , Salvador , Brazil this morning 02 crew and 14 pax dead . 
SAO PAULO ( AP ) - Brazil's air force says regional airliner has crashed in northeast , 16 people killed . 
Avion Cae en Brazil matando 16 pas Brazil's air force says regional airliner has crashed in northeast , 16 people killed - AP 
Here it is ! ! ! Brazil plane crashes , killing 16 : A small plane crashes in north-eastern Brazil , ki ... Rehanna d reporter 
RT : Brazil's air force says regional airliner has crashed in northeast , 16 people killed - AP 
Noar is a business air . A aircraft crashed . 
RT : Plane crash in Brasil kills 16 : #aviation 
Brazil plane crashes after take-off , 16 dead | Reuters via 
NST NEWS : Brazil plane crash kills 16 : RIO DE JANEIRO : A small plane crashed early Wednesday near the Brazilian ... 
Brazil plane crash kills 16 A small plane crashed near the Brazilian city of Recife after reporting an onboard eme ... 
#southsudan admitted to the #un 
RT : It's official ! Republic of #SouthSudan admitted as #UN member state . Representatives now seated accordingly in GA Hall . ... 
RT : It's official ! Republic of #SouthSudan admitted as #UN member state . Representatives now seated accordingly in GA Hall . ... 
RT : It's official ! Republic of #SouthSudan admitted as #UN member state . Representatives now seated accordingly in GA Hall . ... 
South Sudan has now become the latest member of the United Nations . Congratulations ! #southsudan 
RT : #UN declares famine in two drought-hit areas #Somalia - southern Bakool & Lower Shabelle 
#UN announced famine in southern Bakool & Lower Shabelle regions of southern #Somalia where drought , conflict & poverty have produced famine . 
RT : #UN declares famine in two drought-hit areas of rebel-controlled #Somalia - southern Bakool & Lower Shabelle ... 
RT : UN declares famine in two regions of southern Somalia . 
The UN declares a famine in parts of Somalia due to a severe drought affecting more than 10 million people in the Horn of Africa . Aljazeera 
U . N . declares famine in south Somalia : The United Nations on Wednesday declared a famine in p ... KennyWadeMusic.com 
U . N . declares famine in south Somalia 
RT : It's now a famine ... RT : WFP Declares Horn Of Africa Crisis Highest Global Humanitarian Priority ... 
UN declares famine in southern Somalia News Republic : 
RT : UN declares #famine in #Somalia as US pledges $ 28M more in aid , 11M people at risk of starvation : 
RT : UN declares #Somalia famine in Bakool and Lower Shabelle 
UN declares famine in Somalia | Mark Tran via 
RT : That's an Arab country " : famine declared in parts of Somalia . 1st famine of the 21st century ... 
UN declares famine in 2 parts of Somalia , forecasts " widespread " famine soon . Emergency mtg in Rome 7/25 . 
UN declares famine in southern Somalia \ n ( AFP ) \ n : AFP - The UN officially declared famine in two parts of s ... 
UN declares famine in southern Somalia ( AFP ): AFP - The UN officially declared famine in two parts of south ... 
RT : Major announcement : #Famine declared in 2 regions of Southern #Somalia : #HornofAfrica via @ FAOnews ... 
UN : 10 million need urgent help in Somalia famine : The United Nations declared famine in two parts of southern S ... 
U . N . declares famine in south Somalia - The United Nations on Wednesday declared a famine in parts of southern Somal ... 
UN declares famine in rebel-held Somalia - Humanitarian co-ordinator says an additional $ 300m is needed in the next ... 
RT : UN confirms two regions of southern Somalia are officially experiencing famine due to a severe drought which is affe ... 
RT : UN announces #famine in #Somalia . Over 1m children at risk of death . Read more : #emergency #eas ... 
GeoNews : [ GeoNews World News ] UN declares famine in southern Somalia 
RT #UN officially declares two parts of Somalia to be in #famine amid worst #drought in east Africa in ... 
Find out how YOU CAN MAKE A DIFFERENCE ; then REACH OUT ! BBC News : UN declares Somalia famine in Bakool & Lower Shabelle 
RT : UN officially declares two parts of Somalia to be in famine amid worst drought in east Africa in 60 years ... 
RT : UN declares #famine in 2 two regions of southern #Somalia . Every delay in aid a matter of life or death ! 
BBC News - UN declares Somalia famine in Bakool and Lower Shabelle 
UN officially declares famine in Somalia 
State of famine declared in Somalia : The United Nations has officially declared a state of famine in parts of Somalia . 
RT Major announcement : #Famine declared in 2 regions of Southern #Somalia : #HornofAfrica via @ FAOnews 
RT : #UN declares #famine in two regions of southern #Somalia 
RT : #famine declared in parts of somalia . First of 21st century . I hope this is the wake up call the world needs ... #drought 
Explainer : Famine in Somalia | Mark Tran : The UN has declared two areas of Somalia to be in famine and warns thi ... 
RT : UN officially declares two parts of Somalia to be in famine amid worst drought in east Africa in 60 years ... 
RT : Want to help ? RT : UN declares famine in two regions of southern Somalia . 
RT : Heart-breaking . Parts of Somalia officially declared a famine . Please text FAMINE to 70007 to donate £ 10 #childrensf ... 
BBC News - UN declares Somalia famine in Bakool and Lower Shabelle #dadaab #feedsomalia #prayforsomalia . 
RT : U . N . declares famine in southern Somalia 
U . N . declares famine in southern Somalia , as if b4 their declaration somalia was vatican city .. 
RT : Videos show devastating #famine and #drought in #Somalia and refugee crisis in #EastAfrica 
RT : Sad to hear that UN has confirmed Somalia is in famine . #Somalia 
RT : Now that #famine has been declared in part of #HornofAfrica , what does this mean & how can you help ? Answers : ... 
RT : U . N . declares famine in two regions of south #Somalia #Africa 
RT RT Now that #famine has been declared in part of #HornofAfrica , what does this mean ( cont ) 
UN declares south Somalia famine - 
A famine has been declared in Somalia , but what starvation lurks in the heart of the contempt of the damned ? 
U . N . declares famine in southern Somalia 
RT : First famine of 21st century declared in southern Somalia 
aljazeera : Somalia drought causes famine 
U . N . declares famine in south Somalia : The United Nations declares a famine in parts of southern Somalia amid the worst drought in 60 ... 
U . N . declares famine in south Somalia : The United Nations declares a famine in parts of southern Somalia amid th ... 
RT : The UN has declared famine in Somalia . here's how you can help : 
RT : Now that #famine has been declared in part of #HornofAfrica , what does this mean & how can you help ? Answers : ... 
The UN has declared a famine in Somalia ! Ya Allah ! 
The United Nations declares a famine in southern Somalia . #PrayForSomalia 
UN declares famine in Somalia - Home » Other Sections » Breakin .. 
UN officially declares ' famine ' in southern #Somalia 
Somalis dying in world's worst famine in 20 years Tens of thousands of Somalis are feared dead … 
RT : #UN declares famine in two drought-hit areas of rebel-controlled #Somalia - southern Bakool & Lower Shabelle ... 
UN declares famine in Somalia 
RT : SAVE LIVES HERE : | #UN declares #famine in #Somalia | Mark Tran via ... 
New post : Food Crisis in Somalia Is a Famine , UN Says 
#kenya Somalis dying in world's worst famine in 20 years 
RT : Major announcement : #Famine declared in 2 regions of Southern #Somalia : #HornofAfrica via @ ... 
UN declares famine in Somalia - 
Somalia famine claims tens of thousands - News - MSN CA via 
RT : UN declared a famine for south Somalia . Here's what it means and here's how you can help : ... 
UN : Famine in Somalia is killing tens of thousands #famine #somalia 
Somalia famine claims tens of thousands : The United Nations says tens of thousands of people have died in Somalia from causes related ... 
UN declares famine in Somalia . What can we do to save 3.7 million lives ? 
said : UN declares famine in Somalia . What can we do to save 3.7 million lives ? 
COOOL DUDE : Serbia arrests Goran Hadzic , the last Yugoslav war ... 
Goran Hadzic capture a milestone for Yugoslav war crimes tribunal 
Boom ! #shuttle #Atlantis is back ! 
MISSION COMPLETED ! #Atlantis #nasa #spaceshuttle 
... and the shuttle is down , welcome back Atlantis , goodbye shuttle program . 
RT : WHEELS STOP on Atlantis . The space shuttle program is over . #sts135 
Perfect landing RT : And she's down ! Welcome back Atlantis :) Feeling both sad and happy right now #nasatweetup #sts135 
RT : Wheel stop . Shuttle Atlantis and its four crew members are back home safely . With that the 30 year shuttle program ... 
RT : #IWO Atlantis lands safely in Florida , marking the end of NASA's 30 - yr space shuttle programme 
♻ Space shuttle Atlantis touches down for final time 
RT : FLASH : Space shuttle Atlantis lands at Kennedy space center in Florida , ending NASA's 30 - year shuttle program 
RT : #Atlantis touches down for final time , bringing #Nasa's 30 - year #shuttle programme to close 
RT : Atlantis landed at NASA ’ s Kennedy Space Center after 200 orbits around Earth and a journey of 5,284 , 862 miles on STS - 135 
Mission done RT : FLASH : Space shuttle Atlantis lands at Kennedy space center in Florida , ending NASA's 30 - year shuttle program 
RT : #STS135 Welcome home Atlantis . We will savor this moment in history . 
RT : Last space shuttle lands in Florida , closing out a three-decade NASA program 
RT : WHEELS STOP on Atlantis . The space shuttle program is over . #sts135 
RT : Atlantis landed at NASA ’ s Kennedy Space Center after 200 orbits around Earth and a journey of 5,284 , 862 miles on STS - 135 
RT : RT : FLASH : Space shuttle Atlantis lands at Kennedy space center in Florida , ending NASA's 30 - year shuttle p ... 
RT : Atlantis landed at NASA ’ s Kennedy Space Center after 200 orbits around Earth and a journey of 5,284 , 862 miles on STS - 135 
RT : First picture of #Atlantis touching down after final mission , bringing #Nasa's 30 - year #shuttle programme to close ... 
BBC News - Space shuttle Atlantis makes final landing 
RT : Atlantis landed at NASA ’ s Kennedy Space Center after 200 orbits around Earth and a journey of 5,284 , 862 miles on STS - 135 
RT : Atlantis landed at NASA ’ s Kennedy Space Center after 200 orbits around Earth and a journey of 5,284 , 862 miles on STS - 135 
RT : Atlantis landed at NASA ’ s Kennedy Space Center after 200 orbits around Earth and a journey of 5,284 , 862 miles on STS - 135 
RT : Touchdown ! Space Shuttle Atlantis lands . And that's it . The end of an era . RIP Space Shuttle 1981-2011 #nasa #sts135 
Thank you , NASA . RT Last space shuttle lands in Florida , closing out a three-decade NASA program . 
Welcome home #Atlantis and #STS135 crew . Remarkable 30 year journey . You've made us proud ! 
RT : First picture of #Atlantis touching down after final mission , bringing #Nasa's 30 - year #shuttle programme to close :/ / ... 
RT : Last space shuttle lands in Florida , closing out a three-decade NASA program 
RT : First picture of #Atlantis touching down after final mission , bringing #Nasa's 30 - year #shuttle programme to close ... 
RT : Atlantis landed at NASA ’ s Kennedy Space Center after 200 orbits around Earth and a journey of 5,284 , 862 miles on STS - 135 
Space shuttle Atlantis lands , caps 30 - year program 
RT : First picture of #Atlantis touching down after final mission , bringing #Nasa's 30 - year #shuttle programme to close ... 
#BreakingNews : Last space shuttle lands in Florida , closing out a three-decade #NASA program 
RT : #Atlantis landing marks end to NASA's 30 - year space-shuttle program . 
#atlantis touches down 
RT : Atlantis landed at NASA ’ s Kennedy Space Center after 200 orbits around Earth and a journey of 5,284 , 862 miles on STS - 135 
RT : First picture of #Atlantis touching down after final mission , bringing #Nasa's 30 - year #shuttle programme to close :/ / ... 
STS - 135 it was amazing to hear you come home safe ! Welcome home for the last time shuttle atlantis ! 
Altantis touchdown ends shuttle mission 
RT : End of an era as space shuttle Atlantis arrives home 
RT : #Atlantis touches down for final time , bringing #Nasa's 30 - year #shuttle programme to close 
Atlantis Makes Final Landing , Ending 30 - Year Shuttle Program - FoxNews.com via 
RT : NASA's last space shuttle comes home , ends 30 - year era that put hundreds in orbit , lab in sky . - MM 
RT : BBC News - Space shuttle Atlantis makes final landing End of an era for space exploration 
RT : Last space shuttle comes home , ends 30 - year era 
RT : I was just 10 meters from a huge bomb that went off in Oslo . Huge terrorist attack . The PMs office is blown up . 
RT : I repeat , Oslo was just hit by a huge terrorist attack / / OH JESUS 
RT : I was just 10 meters from a huge bomb that went off in Oslo . Huge terrorist attack . The PMs office is blown up . 
possible terrorist attack in #Oslo #Norway 
RT : massive explosive in oslo city centre . suspected terror attack . government offices apparently targeted 
RT : RT : I was just 10 meters from a huge bomb that went off in Oslo . Huge terrorist attack . The PMs office is b ... 
PM's office in Norway bombed in apparent terrorist attack 
RT : Building damaged in Oslo attack . 
RT : RT : RT : PHOTO : Building damaged in Oslo terrorist attack 
RT Looks like a serious terrorist attack - - #oslo < < Fuck ! 
terrorist attack ( probable ) in Norway 
Terror attack / bomb in Oslo , people injured but no more detailed information available yet 
Explosion rocks central Oslo , Norway PM's office I can't believe this . 
BI-ZAR-RO ! RT : RT : blast rocks central oslo , #norway ; injuries reported . 
Explosion rocks Oslo government buildings , 1 dead #oslo #norway 
Terror attack against the government . Most serious incident in Norway since Germany invaded us in 1940 . We'll never be the same #osloexpl 
Confirmed : bomb attack in Oslo , Norway , near Prime Minister's office : #osloxpl 
Omg there was a terrorist attack in Norway #horrible 
Giant blast hits government buildings in Oslo , Norway #cnn BREAKING NEWS - OSLO BOMBING 
RT : Explosion rocks part of #Oslo , #Norway . Damn damn damn . #Prayers for #peace and #safety . K 
RT : After the Oslo bomb , now reports of shooting at Norweigan summer camp . < What's happening ? How can anyone attack Norway ? 
RT : Sky sources : Widespread reports of attack on children's summer camp in Norway 
RT : Sky sources : Widespread reports of attack on children's summer camp in Norway 
RT : Sky sources : Widespread reports of attack on children's summer camp in Norway 
A second attack , at a youth camp with 700 teens is confirmed . Shootings ... #Oslo #Norway #Explosion 
What the hell is going on ? ? RT Gunfire reported at Utøya : island summer camp ; ambulances rush to area ; no word on injuries #Norway 
disguised police officers opens fire in norway in the wake of the #bombings #oslo #norway 
Bomb explosion in Oslo , Norway ! : O VG.no says it ´ s still two more bombs out there , but no one knows where ! #prayforNorway & thebeliebers 
RT : Gunman dressed as policeman has attacked Labour Party youth camp on island just outside Oslo , Oslo journalist tells BB ... 
RT : WTF ? RT : RT : Sky sources : Widespread reports of attack on children's summer camp in Norway 
RT : RT Gunman dressed as policeman has attacked Labour Party youth camp on island just outside Oslo ... 
1 person in a police uniform have started to fire with a automatic rifle , its a summer camp for kids #norway #oslo 
Bomb rocks govt buildng in #Oslo killing 2 ppl . While Norway particpates in Afghanistan & Libya conflicts , not confirmed as terrorist attck 
OMFG a man dressed as a police officer shooting at kids and teenagers on a camp w / o parents , WTF happens 2 norway 2day ? ! #PrayforNorway ! 
RT : BREAKING NEWS : Man dressed as officer , armed with handgun attacks summer camp near Oslo , Norway following bombing . 
RT : Reports of a shooter identifying himself as police , opening fire at a political youth camp in Utøya #oslo #norway #explosion 
bomb attack in Oslo ! 
RT : Five injured at Norway Labour Party youth camp , according to state TV NRK #oslo #osloexpl #norway 
RT : Gunman dressed as policeman has attacked Labour Party youth camp on island just outside Oslo , Oslo journalist tells BB ... 
RT : ' Gunman dressed as policeman attacks youth camp ' near Oslo #Oslo 
RT : BREAKING UPDATE OSLO EXPLOSION . Children's camp attacked in Norway . Gunman used automatic weapon .. disguised as policeman . 
Praying 4 Oslo attacks RT Person dressed as a policeman fires shots at youth camp in #Norway ; injuries reported . 
Omg ! What is goin on norway ? RT : Gunman reportedly opens fire at youth camp outside Oslo 
RT : BREAKING UPDATE OSLO EXPLOSION . Children's camp attacked in Norway . Gunman used automatic weapon .. disguised as policeman . 
Unconfirmed 30 people shot and killed at Utøya political summer camp by a terrorist dressed as a police officer . ( Eyewitness ) 
Norway shooting at a youth camp - Breaking News via 
RT : BREAKING UPDATE OSLO EXPLOSION . Children's camp attacked in Norway . Gunman used automatic weapon .. disguised as policeman . 
RT : Gunman dressed as policeman has attacked Labour Party youth camp on island just outside Oslo , Oslo journalist tells BB ... 
RT : Norway Terror : Man Dressed as Police Officer Opens Fire on Youth Camp Outside Oslo #tcot 
Twin terror attacks kill 16 in Norway : Gunman opens fire at summer camp after large bomb detonates outside gover ... 
Hmm Sunday Mirror news ed is tweeting " confirmation " that Amy Winehouse has died . 
Maybe a rumour but Dean Piper appears to have tweeted that Amy Winehouse has died 
Sunday Mirror news editor ( ) and Sunday Mirror entertainment columnist ( ) are claiming Amy Winehouse has died . 
RT : Extremely sad to hear that Amy Winehouse appears to have died . RIP Amy Winehouse . 
RT : Sunday Mirror news editor ( ) and Sunday Mirror entertainment columnist ( ) are claiming Amy Winehouse has died . 
RT : RIP to one of the greatest , most tragic songwriting talents of last decade , Amy Winehouse ... who died aged 27 . She's now in th ... 
rumours amy winehouse has died - remains rumours x 
What ? What ? Amy Winehouse dead ? ? 
Amy winehouse died ? ? 
RT : RIP to one of the greatest , most tragic songwriting talents of last decade , Amy Winehouse ... who died aged 27 . She's now in th ... 
My timeline is suggesting that Amy Winehouse is dead . Nothing on Sky News . 
RT : Amy Winehouse dies from drugs overdose : #amywinehouse 
RT : Sadly true . Amy Winehouse dies from overdose : #amywinehouse 
Oh my word just heard Amy Winehouse has died 
#amywinehouse really dead if so what a shame ! ! 
RT : Extremely sad to hear that Amy Winehouse appears to have died . RIP Amy Winehouse . 
Rip amy winehouse thankyou for the music and you are finally at peace now 
Omg ! Amy winehouse has died ! Shocking 
RT @30skellum : Oh my God . So so sad about Amy Winehouse . What a terrible waste of a life and talent . 
What ! #amywinehouse has died ? Actually I'm not surprised the way she acted ! Very tragic ! She should have been given more help ! RIP 
what amy winehouse is dead ? : O : O nooooooooooooooo 
Sky News reporting that singer Amy Winehouse has died aged 27 . 
Sad day : Sky sources now confirming Amy Winehouse is dead . A musical legend , who died way too young in my opinion . 
Sky news have confirmed that Amy Winehouse has died 
Amy winehouse found dead in her London flat according to sky news 
Amy winehouse dead confirmed by sky sources 
Sky news are reporting it ... Amy Winehouse has died :( 
RT : Amy Winehouse confirmed dead . #Amywinehouse 
RT : Wow watchin sky news ! ! Amy winehouse passed away ! ! 
#AmyWinehouse dies from drugs overdose : shame , she had talent but decided to waste it 
RIP amy winehouse 
Amy winehouse passed away ? R . I . P amy <3 
RIP Amy Winehouse ! ! ! OMG this is just too shockin ! RIP mama :( 
Sad to hear that #amywinehouse has died at such a young age #sad #wasteofalife 
RIP amy winehouse , a musical inspiration forever ♥ 
RT : Tragic news - Amy Winehouse dies from drug overdose aged 27 
RT : Sadly true . Amy Winehouse dies from overdose : #amywinehouse 
RT : Tragic news - Amy Winehouse dies from drug overdose aged 27 
Oho Apparently Amy Winehouse has died : - O 
Shiiiiiit ... omg its on sky news ... #RIPAmyWinehouse kinda shocked , but kinda not ... was bound to happen at some point ! :( Bad Times 
looks like adele and amy winehouse won't get the chance to show true vocals . Rip Amy winehouse 
Amy winehouse died ? ! 
amy winehouse is dead :( 
aw wee amy winehouse is dead 
RT : . @SkyNewsBreak sources : Singer Amy Winehouse found dead at her home in North London 
cant believe amy winehouse is dead like , woah 
amy winehouse has died ? ! 
#amywinehouse dead . In the priory in the sky ... 
Shitt ! ! ! Amy winehouse is dead.not totally surprised though ! ! ! 
RT : Tragic news - Amy Winehouse dies from drug overdose aged 27 
RT : Wow amy winehouse dead ? ? ? Omd'z 
Wow #amywinehouse died ? 
RIP amy WineHouse 
Alrighty ! Amy Winehouse died 
OMG ! Amy Winehouse died ! :'( 
Fucking hell ... #rip #amywinehouse 
“ : RIP Amy Winehouse - was just a matter of time . A Lost soul . ” can't believe it . An amazing talent is lost 
WHOA ! r . i . p . amy winehouse . 
Amy Winehouse died ? Sad ! 
Rip amy winehouse :( 
: O amy winehouse is dead ... #ripamy ♥ 
RIP amy winehouse < / 3 
sad to hear that amy winehouse died ... hmm 
RIP #amywinehouse what a waste of an outstanding talent 
Amy Winehouse has died , say whuuut . 
wow RIP #amywinehouse but its not like she didn't deserve it no offense she shouldn't have taken all of those drugs and gone to rehab . : LL 
Amy winehouse is dead .. Serves her right for all the drugs she done . 
RT : . @SkyNewsBreak sources : Singer Amy Winehouse found dead at her home in North London 
RT : BREAKING : AMY WINEHOUSE FOUND DEAD IN HER LONDON APARTMENT 
what are the chances she died of natural causes ? ? #amywinehousedead 
RIP Amy Winehouse . Such a waste . She joins a long list of 27 year old musicians to die too young 
So Amy Winehouse died . Guess the " rehab " didn't work ? #TooSoon ? 
jesus , amy winehouse found dead . v sad #winehouse 
RT : Tragic news - Amy Winehouse dies from drug overdose aged 27 
Oh Amy Winehouse has died ... 
RT : Sky News confirm the death of Amy Winehouse . 
Sad as it is but somehow I'm not surprised she is dead #ripamywinehouse 
RT : RIP Amy Winehouse - now confirmed . Amy performed at her god-daughter's party earlier this week but has been found dead a ... 
RT : RT : Sky Sources : 27 - year-old singer Amy Winehouse found dead at her flat in North London 
#amywinehouse RIP 
RT : I'm actually devastated , a sad sad and fucked up day for music ! #amywinehouse HAS past away aged 27 <3 xxx RIP a t ... 
Amy winehouse is dead . #seenthat1cumin 
Such a shame I loved her music rip amy winehouse x 
Amy winehouse is dead ? ? ! ! 
Amy Winehouse really died today ? ! Omg ... 
Amy winehouse is dead ! ? Ohmygod . #RIPAMY 
Amy winehouse is dead ? ! 
Ooohhhh NOOO ! MY FAV Rip RT : Holy shit #RIP Amy winehouse smh 
RIP Amy Winehouse #amywinehouse 
i cant believe that ! #ripamywinehouse 
Omg Amy winehouse is dead ... 
oh my #amywinehouse what a shame , r . i . p 
Amy winehouse is dead 
amy winehouse is dead ? #holyshit 
Amy Winehouse died 
What , Amy Winehouse is Dead ! ? 
Amy winehouse is dead ? ! 
welp , r . i . p . amy winehouse - - it's not ok but it's ok because she wasn't gonna release new music anyway . 
RT : Can't believe Amy winehouse is dead :( 
rip ... so young . xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx 
RT : Afraid to report rumours Amy Winehouse has been found dead at her home are true . #Amywinehouse 
Such sad news about Amy Winehouse . Couldn't help but feel very sorry for her . RIP xXx #amywinehouse 
“ : Breaking news Amy winehouse found dead in a hot tub at #jasonbury ” lol 
RT : R . I . P #amywinehouse - - your music shall live on . 27 years old , so sad . 
Amy Winehouse died ? Haha 
Its sad that #amywinehouse is dead .. but really who didn't see this coming ? ? Anyway #RIPAmyWinehouse 
Absolutely gutted for Amy Winehouse , she had such fantastic talent . Gutted . #ripamywinehouse 
#amywinehouse has died , saw it coming rip ... 
RT : Confirmed by Sky News . R . I . P . Amy Winehouse . 27 an absolute tragedy . The people who should have helped her & failed ar ... 
Amy Winehouse died ? ! Now confirmed . God , so out of the blue . 
RIP #amywinehouse what a waste of someone who was truly talented . Got me thru some hard times , the Back to Black album . God bless x 
RT : Age 27 is the age they all seem to go ! Has Amy Winehouse joined the lived-fast-died-at - 27 club . What a crying shame # ... 
Rip Amy winehouse so sad 
RT : RT : Amy Winehouse dead at 27 . Joining Jim Morrison , Jimi Hendrix , Janis Joplin , and Kurt Cobain who al ... 
RIP #amywinehouse ): 
RT : RIP #amywinehouse 
Oh my god ! Has amy winehouse really died ? ? Sad to hear that 
Amy WineHouse is dead ! 
I know right ! That's crazy ! :-( RT : Damn ... Amy Winehouse died 
#amywinehouse rip 
Maddness that Amy Whinehouse died 
Amy Winehouse died today . Hahahahahahaha . 
RT : #ripamywinwhouse what a waste of a talented young lady so upset her poor family so sad to see her self destruct like that 
Amy Winehouse has died . She lived across the road from my place . Street now sealed off by police . Guess to keep paparazzi away . 
Wow rest in peace amy winehouse <3 
RT : R . I . P #amywinehouse - - your music shall live on . 27 years old , so sad . 
RIP Amy Winehouse 
OMG amy winehouse DEAD #astonished 
Amy winehouse is dead ? Crazy ... 
im surprised she even lasted this long RT I heard Amy Winehouse died damn 
Gordon Smart , The Sun - “ her demons were too strong ” #amywinehousedead 
omg amy winehouse has died 
Amy Winehouse passed away at just 27 ... There is something about that age - Joplin , Hendrix , Morrison , Cobain , Brian Jones all died at 27 . 
RT : Sadly true . Amy Winehouse dies from overdose : #amywinehouse 
RT : Brian Jones , Kurt Cobain , Janis Joplin , Jim Morrison , Jimi Hendrix and now Amy Winehouse . All died aged 27 . RIP to you ... 
#amywinehouse is dead ? WHAT ? ARE YOU SERIOUS ? ! OMG ... 
and Amy winehouse died ? ! ? drugs again ? 
RT : #AMYWINEHOUSE is dead . RIP , 27 is too young to die . 
Ow nw ? " : Yes RT : So Amy winehouse is dead .. " 
SHUT UP ? ! RT : Oh no , not Amy pleasssssssssse no ! ! I hope what I'm hearing is not true ... ? #ripamywinehouse 
RIP Amy winehouse 
RT : RT Brian Jones , Kurt Cobain , Janis Joplin , Jim Morrison , Jimi Hendrix and now Amy Winehouse . All died aged 27 . RIP to ... 
RIP #amywinehouse ... Drugs are not a joke kids 
Very sad ; a waste of talent . Deal with your demons peeps ; heal yourself . #ripamywinehouse #lilotakenote 
RIP Amy Winehouse 1983-2011 Great British talent ! #amywinehouse 
woohooooo omg cant beleive amy winehouse is dead ! ! ! 
Can not beleive that amy winehouse has died today r . i . p x 
#amywinehouse RIP 
#RIPAmyWinehouse just found out she died not long ago .. 
OMG ! " : Amy Winehouse was an incredibly rare and very special talent . Such a sad and unnecessary loss . #amywinehouse #rip " 
" : Amy Winehouse joins Jimi Hendrix , Janis Joplin , Jim Morrison , Brian Jones , Kurt Cobain as the celeb who died at 27 #Club27 " sad 
Wait ... what ! ? #amywinehouse is dead ? ! Oh my . 
Fucking hell , Amy winehouse died of an OD ! What a tragic waste . Easily one of the best singers of our generation . Sad . #JustSayNo 
RT : Amy winehouse found dead #RIP she probably overdosed 
Can't believe Amy Winehouse has died . She had an amazing voice . Such a shame . 
ha ? she died ? #AmyWinehouse 
Amy Winehouse found dead in her London flat : 
amy winehouse is dead ! HE-HE-HE 
What ? #AmyWinehouse died ? That's so terrible . 
" : Well Amy winehouse is dead at 27 ... I guess she shoulda went to rehab " SMH ! 
" : No ! ! ! .. Wow ! Amy winehouse was found dead in her flat in London .. Its on Sky News ! " 
RT : RIP #amywinehouse true talent wasted on drugs :( 
RT : Amy Winehouse was an incredibly rare and very special talent . Such a sad and unnecessary loss . #amywinehouse #rip 
RT : RT : BREAKING NEWS ! ! RIP Amy Winehouse ( aged 27 ) died today from expected alcohol and drug overdose ... She's talen 
Really shocked Amy winehouse has died 
“ : dang #AmyWineHouse Died the drugs got to her Drugs with another win Humans with another lose smfh ” < dang she died Smh ? 
cant believe #amywinehouse is dead :( 
RIP #amywinehouse When people said your songs sucked , " I said no , no , no ! " 
RIP amy winehouse 
amy winehouse dead 
RT : RT : " Amy Winehouse dead at 27 . Joining Jim Morrison , Jimi Hendrix , Janis Joplin , and Kurt Cobain who all died ... 
RIP #amywinehouse 
Good God she actually is dead . Undoubted talent wasted . #RIPAmyWinehouse 
RT : R . I . P #amywinehouse - - your music shall live on . 27 years old , so sad . 
Amy Winehouse died . Omg 
has just been discovered dead in Her home . The death in un-explained . 
RT : Amy winehouse is dead Why did you do this to yourself you was.so talented 
#amywinehouse died 
Hendrix , cobain , jim morrison , janis joplin , and now amy winehouse has also died at 27 #27club 
#amywinehouseShe's dead ? ! Really ! No rumor ... this is true . 
V sad that Amy Winehouse , just 27 has died . Highly talented and highly troubled . Clive james's profile so apt now . 
#amywinehouse dead ! ? FUCK IM LIKE GONNA CRY REAL FUCKIN TEARS THIS CNT BE LIFE 
RT : . @SkyNewsBreak sources : Singer Amy Winehouse found dead at her home in North London 
Watching the news :( #ripamywhinehouse xxx 
rip amy winehouse . 
RIP Amy winehouse , definitely lived a life aha 
Amy winehouse found dead in north London ... true or false ? 
Amy winehouse has died ! ! :( 
I guess , #ripamywinehouse 
RT : RIP amy winehouse ? ! ? ! 
#amywinehouse was such a talented artist .. rip 
they saying amy winehouse dead . 
so .. #amywinehouse is dead . what a shame . #lolsmackbat 
Just seen Amy winehouse has died ! ! ! 
Rip amy winehouse 
I wanna say rest in peace amy winehouse yu will be missed 
RT : Just heard amy winehouse died today . I am so so sad for her and her family . What a tragedy ... unbelievable . 
Amy winehouse is DEAD its true . #rip #amywinehouse 
RT : Woa rip amy winehouse . 
#amywinehouse is dead ? ! Well that's hardly a surprise ... 
Supposedly died from a overdose RT : … what happened to #amywinehouse ? ! 
#amywinehouse RIP , loved and missed by millions . Such beautiful talent , wasted on drugs . Rest in peace . ♥ 
RT : Amy Winehouse died ? Damn . #RIP 
RT : Amy winehouse is dead #rip #sad 
amy winehouse found dead 
RIP AMY WINEHOUSE 
Amy Winehouse died today at 27 . 27 Club includes : Kurt Cobain , Jim Morrison , Janis Joplin , Jimi Hendrix , & Brian Jones . 
RIP Amy Winehouse , another sad loss of life because of drugs . #amywinehouse 
RT : RIP #amywinehouse but seriously not surprised 
RT : amy winehouse found dead at flat - doesn't make it any less sad , but the story was unlikely to end well #rip 
of a overdose ? ! no way man ! amy , you had so much talent ! #RIPamy 
Whattttt ? ! ? ! #AmyWinehouse died ? ! ? ! 
Morning twitter damn can't believe they found #amywinehouse house dead this morning wow rip . 
you were troubled but ridiciously talented ... night #amywinehouse RIP 
RT : Amy Winehouse died ! ? ! ? ! ? ! ? ! ? ! ? ! ? ! ? ! ? ! ? ! ? ! ? ! ? ! ? ! ? ! ? 
Amy Winehouse died 
RT : Amy Winehouse dead at 27 . Basquiat died when he was 27 . So did Jimi Hendrix . 
Whaaaat ? ! " : hot damn . rip amy winehouse . " 
So #amywinehouse is dead ... Are we shocked ... 
Amy winehouse dead at 27 ? such a waste of a life . #rip 
Hey can't take it from her she did have an amazing voice ! ! R . I . P #amywinehouse 
RT : Sadly true . Amy Winehouse dies from overdose : #amywinehouse 
RT : . @SkyNewsBreak sources : Singer Amy Winehouse found dead at her home in North London 
Whoa ... RT : My bro just called to tell me Amy Winehouse has died . Only 27 yrs old . 
Did you see Amy Winehouse has died ? What a talent ... tragic ! 
sooo apparently Amy Winehouse died ? 
Amy Winehouse has died ? ! Blimey , RIP :( 
RT : Dang ... RIP #amywinehouse ... 
Amy Winehouse died ? R . I . P . 
RT : amy winehouse is dead ? holy crap 
Amy winehouse is actually dead ! 
RT : Just heard amy winehouse died today . I am so so sad for her and her family . What a tragedy ... unbelievable . 
Very Sad News RIP #amywinehouse 
RT : Kurt Cobain , Janis Joplin , Jim Morrison , Jimi Hendrix and now Amy Winehouse ... they all died at the age of 27 
RT : RT : Hearing Amy Winehouse has died . Oh . My . God . 
Amy Winehouse has died ? ! What ? ! 
Amy winehouse dead ? ! 
rest in peace amy winehouse xxxx 
RT : Amy Winehouse dies from a drugs overdose aged 28 | Celebrity News | Holy Moly ! via 
; Look up " Amy Winehouse death . " She just died today . 
So sad Rip amy winehouse 
amy winehouse is dead . D: 
RT : Sky Sources : 27 - year-old singer Amy Winehouse found dead at her flat in North London 
Wow ! Amy Winehouse died : O 
#Amywinehouse dead ! ! Such talent wasted :( RIP 
Amy winehouse has kicked the bucket 
it was inevitable , but sad still , RIP #amywinehouse 
RIP . Amy Winehouse - Sad Day . Tragedy #amywinehouse . #Giant #London #World 
RIP Amy Winehouse " She died for not going to Rehab , but she went NO , NO , NO ! " 
RT : RIP Amy Winehouse . Sorry , but I saw that coming . #DontDoDrugs 
Amy winehouse apparently passed away ... very sad if not quite unexpected 
Supposedly , Amy Winehouse has died from a possible drug overdose . This is one of those " say I won't " moments . Taking the high road . #RiP 
R . I . P AMY :( YOU WILL BE MISSED ♥ 
rip amy winehouse . 
RIP #amywinehouse 
RIP Amy Winehouse #amywinehouse 
Apparently , Amy Winehouse died today.They found her in her London apartment . I hadn't heard much of anything about her for a while till now 
Sometimes people just don't want help , however much you try ... RIP #amywinehouse 
Whut ? ! RT : damn . rest in peace , amy winehouse . 
Just heard on radio amy winehouse has been found dead 
Amy winehouse died . " they tried to make me go ta ' rehab , but I said NO NO NO " * her singin ' voice * .  . Too bad she really needed to go . 
RT : Amy Winehouse died today at 27 . 27 Club includes : Kurt Cobain , Jim Morrison , Janis Joplin , Jimi Hendrix , & Brian Jones . ... 
RT : " Police were called to her house at 3.54 pm London time . Cause of death not known . " #amywinehouse #skynews 
Rip #amywinehouse 
What ? ! ? ! Amy Winehouse died ? ! ! ! 
#amywinehouse rip .. 
RT : Sadly true . Amy Winehouse dies from overdose : #amywinehouse 
#RIPAmyWinehouse I'll miss u amy ( - ̩ ̩ ̩ - ̩ ̩ ̩ _ - ̩ ̩ ̩ - ̩ ̩ ̩ ) you're the strongest girl in the world . after my mum of course . 
Amy Winehouse has died : o 
RT : RIP amy winehouse .. another talented women taken by the darkness of drugs & alcohol .. you will be missed <3 33 
Amy Winehouse found dead at her home . #music #media 
Heard amy winehouse died , first thoughts " overdose ? " Turns out it was correct , #score 
Rest in Peace , #amywinehouse :'( 
#amywinehouse RIP :( 
Wait Amy Winehouse died ? #RIP : O 
RT : Just heard the sad news that Amy Winehouse has died . At only 27 what a terrible waste of a great talent . Sincere condolences ... 
Omg Amy winehouse is dead :( #ripamy 
omg Amy winehouse is dead ... Noooo ! 
RT : Afraid to report rumours Amy Winehouse has been found dead at her home are true . #Amywinehouse 
News reaching me is that Amy winehouse is dead 
Damn its true , R . I . P amy winehouse :( 
OH SHIT ! ! BBC SAID IT SO NOW I BELIEVE IT ! ! AMY WINEHOUSE IS DEAD ? ? ! ! ! SHE WAS MY FAVE UK SINGER ! ! ! 
rest in peace amy winehouse . 
RIP amy winehouse xxx 
I go back to black #amywinehouse R . I . P . 
Amy Winehouse dies at 27 , just like Hendrix , Janis Joplin , Cobain , Jim Morrison - a blues curse that they say was started by Robert Johnson . 
Amy Winehouse has died ! just goes to show what drugs does to you ! 
What ? ! xtyhershey : Amy Winehouse died . 
RT : rip #amywinehouse such a talented singer . 
Ohhhhh my gosh amy winehouse is dead . I loved her music 
Sadly true that #amywinehouse dies . She was really talented & young . 
#amywinehouse died ! ? ! ? ! ? 
what a waste of a young life #ripamywinehouse 
rest in peace amy winehouse 
so Amy winehouse is dead ? ! : o 
rip amy winehouse 
RT : Amy Winehouse dead : Found dead at her London flat : The Back To Black singer was apparently found at 4pm and her ... ... 
Amy Winehouse Is Dead .. ! ! : O 
RT : #amywinehouse is not a princess and not good girl but show some respect for her and her family #ripamy 
Rip amy winehouse 
They tried to make me go to rehab but I said no noo nooo . r . I . p #amywinehouse . 
Im shocking too RT : just heard the shocking news of Amy winehouse's death . Absolutely tragic . Such a talented artist . So sad . #RIP 
RT : apparently Amy Winehouse was found dead in her apartment in London today ... #RIPAmyWinehouse 
Sadly true . Amy Winehouse dies from overdose : #amywinehouse " 
RIP Amy winehouse 
Rip amy winehouse 
RT : heard that amy winehouse has passed away . she was so talented . be careful out there , kids . life is too good to thro ... 
Amy winehouse dead . It shouldn't be a shock to me but still :'( ffs . 
Just read Amy Winehouse has died . Is this true ? If so , we all knew she partied .. everyday .. hard . A talent wasted & taken by drugs 
Sky News ! Amy winehouse really is dead : O 
RT : #amywinehouse has died . The cause of death is unknown but there are rumors Mrs . Weasley mistook her for Bellatrix L ... 
RT : OMG amy winehouse found dead . STFU ! did you care about her drug addiction and heath problems before , NO ! so dont care now ... 
Rip Amy winehouse 
RT : #amywinehouse has died . The cause of death is unknown but there are rumors Mrs . Weasley mistook her for Bellatrix L ... 
RT : #amywinehouse has died . The cause of death is unknown but there are rumors Mrs . Weasley mistook her for Bellatrix L ... 
Amy Winehouse died ? No way , oh my god :( . 
Amy winehouse is dead ... smdh . come on man . 
RT : #amywinehouse has died . The cause of death is unknown but there are rumors Mrs . Weasley mistook her for Bellatrix L ... 
RT : Dam Amy Winehouse died 
RT : #amywinehouse has died . The cause of death is unknown but there are rumors Mrs . Weasley mistook her for Bellatrix L ... 
RT : #amywinehouse has died . The cause of death is unknown but there are rumors Mrs . Weasley mistook her for Bellatrix L ... 
RT : #amywinehouse has died . The cause of death is unknown but there are rumors Mrs . Weasley mistook her for Bellatrix L ... 
Amy winehouse dead ! ! ? ? ? OMG rip :( 
wow r . i . p amy winehouse . 
Omg amy winehouse passed away :-( 
Rip amy winehouse :( 
amy winehouse is dead 
RT : #amywinehouse has died . The cause of death is unknown but there are rumors Mrs . Weasley mistook her for Bellatrix L ... 
#amywinehouse was such a good singer , so talented and could of done really well for herself if she didn't get into drugs . rip . 
RT : #amywinehouse has died . The cause of death is unknown but there are rumors Mrs . Weasley mistook her for Bellatrix L ... 
It is true amy winehouse is dead :-( this is a sad day . RIP amy 
Amy Winehouse died today :| This CANT be true ! ! 
#Ripamywinehouse :( so sad 
Only the good die young , the ones that burn brightest burn out too soon ! ! RIP Amy Winehouse 
RT : Sadly true . Amy Winehouse dies from overdose : #amywinehouse 
Amy Winehouse found dead today : 
RT : #amywinehouse has died . The cause of death is unknown but there are rumors Mrs . Weasley mistook her for Bellatrix L ... 
Amy Winehouse died ... she should of listen n went to rehab 
RIP #Amywinehouse : O quiet a shocker ... 
Rest in peace #amywinehouse 
Word is amy winehouse is dead , not too surprising but still ! 
RT : just heard the shocking news of Amy winehouse's death . Absolutely tragic . Such a talented artist . So sad . #RIPamywinehouse 
RIP #amywinehouse mentaaaaaaaaaaal . 
RT : #amywinehouse has died . The cause of death is unknown but there are rumors Mrs . Weasley mistook her for Bellatrix L ... 
#RIPamywinehouse that is so sad ! ! She had so much talent 
Amy Winehouse has died . Really sad RIP 
#amywinehouse RIP ... leave your troubles behind ! 
RT : Extremely sad to hear that Amy Winehouse appears to have died . RIP Amy Winehouse . 
OMFG Amy Winehouse died =( ( ( 
RT : RT : #amywinehouse has died . The cause of death is unknown but there are rumors Mrs . Weasley mistook her fo 
Amy Winehouse died ? ! ☹ 
RT : #amywinehouse has died . The cause of death is unknown but there are rumors Mrs . Weasley mistook her for Bellatrix L ... 
omg so sad “ : Sadly true . Amy Winehouse dies from overdose : #amywinehouse ” 
Amy Winehouse died ! Shut even up ! 
Rip amy winehouse ... 
That's crazy Amy Winehouse died ... Damn RIP 
RT : FLASH : British singer Amy Winehouse found dead at her home in London : Sky News 
RT : #AmyWinehouse dies from a drug overdose ? ! ? ! its sad when talent and money so many times results in drugs and death . smh . 
RT : Omg RIP amy winehouse :( such a waste of talent , Dead at 27 just like janis joplin , kurt coban and jimmi hendrix , weird .. 
RT : RT : Amy Winehouse passed away today . Wow . So sad . 
Amy winehouse dead awwwwwwwwh mane another talented singer taken away by drugs man this world is fucked up 
Really sad news that Amy Winehouse has been found dead in her London flat RIP #amywinehouse 
Amy winehouse Dead ... so sad 
rip #amywinehouse :( 
#amywinehouse #rip youmay be gone , but your music lives on & will #neverDie 
#AmyWinehouse found dead in London apartment from 
RT : Amy Winehouse dies aged 27 - ( via ) 
RT : #amywinehouse has died . The cause of death is unknown but there are rumors Mrs . Weasley mistook her for Bellatrix L ... 
RIP #amywinehouse worlds gnna miss ya : S 
Another name added to the list of rock stars who died at 27 #RIPamywinehouse 
RT : #amywinehouse " ... is dead ! hehe " Lord Voldemort 
RT : RT : Tragic news - Amy Winehouse dies from drug overdose aged 27 
Omg ! #amywinehouse is dead ? ! ? ! ? ! Time for amimilo to take over then .. 
Rip amy winehouse 
RIP Amy winehouse <3 
RT : Amy Winehouse dies aged 27 - Telegraph -> shocking . 
RT : Amy Winehouse dies aged 27 - Telegraph via 
RT : Just heard the sad news that Amy Winehouse has died . At only 27 what a terrible waste of a great talent . Sincere condolences ... 
Damn Amy Winehouse really did die .. =/ .. from overdose or suicide .. damn .. all day I'm playing Amy Winehouse .. that's crazy . #RIP 
You know I'm no good . #ripamywinehouse 
RT : #amywinehouse has died . The cause of death is unknown but there are rumors Mrs . Weasley mistook her for Bellatrix L ... 
RT : Its actually disgusting that the whole world knows the news before her dad ! ! #ripamywinehouse 
RT : #amywinehouse has died . The cause of death is unknown but there are rumors Mrs . Weasley mistook her for Bellatrix L ... 
rip amy winehouse :( 
“ : Amy winehouse died ? ! ? ! What the fuck ” what ? ! ! ? 
RIP amy winehouse . 
omg amy winehouse dead ? ! 
RT : Guess she should have went to rehab after all #nopunintended #ripamywinehouse 
BBC News - Amy Winehouse found dead , aged 27 . She joins the immortal 27 club of music legends . RIP #amywinehouse 
wow , Amy Winehouse died from an overdose . she should have said YES , YES , YES to rehab . smh 
OMG only 27 and Amy Winehouse is dead poor kid #amywinehouse 
Amy Winehouse has died ... woah 
Lmmfaooo RT RT r . i . p to that crack head Amy winehouse 
RT : #amywinehouse has died . The cause of death is unknown but there are rumors Mrs . Weasley mistook her for Bellatrix L ... 
Amy winehouse confirmed dead aged 27 
Don't do drugs kids ... RIP Amy Winehouse .  
Rip #amywinehouse God Bless your family in this hard time . 
From the UK's Daily Mail : " BREAKING NEWS : Amy Winehouse , 27 , found dead at her London flat " 
Damn Amy is dead ! ! ! And I was just listening to her last night . Rip Amy Winehouse ! ! ! 
#amywinehouse was a great artist , R . I . P but that's what drugs will do to u ... 
RT : Amy Winehouse dies from drugs overdose : #amywinehouse 
RIP #amywinehouse 
RIP #amywinehouse :( 
Amy Winehouse died ? ! Weird cause i listened to one of her songs last night 0 . o 
#RIPamywinehouse I am in shock 
Rip amy winehouse my her soul rest n peace .. t 
So I guess #amywinehouse died ... the report I saw said death was " unexplained " ... 
RT : Apparently Amy Winehouse has died ? This is sadly not shocking news . 
Rip Amy winehouse 
RT : Ambulance men were called to Amy Winehouse's flat this afternoon , but were unable to save her #RIPAmy 
RT : just heard the shocking news of Amy winehouse's death . Absolutely tragic . Such a talented artist . So sad . #RIPamywinehouse 
Not at all surprised but very very sad to hear that Amy Winehouse died . I saw her live at Roxy 4 years ago and she was amazing ! 
RT : Amy Winehouse died at 27 just like Kurt Cobain , Janis Joplin , Jimi Hendrix . SO SAD when artists think they cant be creat ... 
RT : UK among others reporting Amy Winehouse has died . What a voice . So young . Awful . 
Wow Amy WineHouse Dead at 27 ! ! ! RIP #Amywinehouse #destructivelife #Everyonesawcoming 
Amy winehouse is dead #whatawaste 
The most extraordinarily amazing artists die at the age of 27 . Amy Winehouse is now one of them 
RIP to :( proper sadd I'm upset death isn't fun at all 
RT : #amywinehouse has died . The cause of death is unknown but there are rumors Mrs . Weasley mistook her for Bellatrix L ... 
Amy Winehouse has died ? ! : O 
RT : On a more somber note , we're saddened to hear that Amy Winehouse has died . What a waste . Talent transcends genre . 
RT : #amywinehouse has died . The cause of death is unknown but there are rumors Mrs . Weasley mistook her for Bellatrix L ... 
RT : #amywinehouse has died . The cause of death is unknown but there are rumors Mrs . Weasley mistook her for Bellatrix L ... 
So sad ... RT : Another talent dies at 27 - RIP - Amy Winehouse . 
Rip amy winehouse , beautiful voice 
my mum is actualy gutted about amy whinehouse ! and me . #ripamywinehouse 
Rip amy winehouse 
RT : Woah . Amy winehouse died . The world lost a big talent unnecessarily . Such a shame . :( 
RIP #amywinehouse 
RT : Amy Winehouse found dead in her apartment . So sad . #amywinehouse 
Holy fuck amy winehouse is dead ? ! 
so #amywinehouse is dead . it was bound to happen sooner or later . 
#amywinehouse ... Died too young ! =/ <3 
RIP amy winehouse 
RT : Rip amy winehouse . ( Singing rehab at the moment ) the only song of hers that I knew.smh 
help was there she tried to change guess it never helped her best singer of this genration has gone #ripamywinehouse 
Amy winehouse passed away :/ 
RT : Amy Winehouse found dead in her apartment . So sad . #amywinehouse 
RT : Kurt Cobain , Brian Jones , Jim Morrison , Jimi Hendrix , Janis Joplin , Marc Bolan , Otis Redding and now Amy Winehouse - all dead ... 
RT : THEY all died at age 27 ! Curse ? Janis Joplin , Jimi Hendrix , Jim Morrison , Kurt Cobain , and now AMY WINEHOUSE . 
Say what you want about her but she was a major talent , only 27 and someone's daughter for god's sake . Shocking news - RIP #amywinehouse 
R . I . P amy winehouse . Now we're just waiting for adele to bite it . 
RT : RT : #amywinehouse has died . The cause of death is unknown but there are rumors Mrs . Weasley mistook her f ... 
" : 27 is so young to die . " I just hope that she found d peace that eluded her . So much talent wasted to drugs . #amywinehouse 
RT : I guess amy winehouse wont be going to rehab ... R . I . P 
Such a talented artist . So sad . #RIPamywinehouse 
RT : Woah . Amy winehouse died . The world lost a big talent unnecessarily . Such a shame . :( 
RT : RT : Breaking News : Amy Winehouse found dead #amywinehouse 
RIP #amywinehouse 
RT : Sadly true . Amy Winehouse dies from overdose : #amywinehouse 
have some respect , nobody deserves to die . #RIPAmyWinehouse 
RT : OMG , so tragic , Amy Winehouse has just died . Only 27 . Such supreme talent . #RIPAmy 
RT : #amywinehouse has died . The cause of death is unknown but there are rumors Mrs . Weasley mistook her for Bellatrix L ... 
i still cant believe amy wine house is dead .. : O #ripamywinehouse 
Amy Winehouse was found dead in her apartment . Such a loss for the music industry : s #amywinehouse 
damn r . i . p . amy winehouse . da good die young 
RT : Woah . Amy winehouse died . The world lost a big talent unnecessarily . Such a shame . :( 
Omfg Amy winehouse is dead . She should've gone to rehab . 
RT : OMG , so tragic , Amy Winehouse has just died . Only 27 . Such supreme talent . #RIPAmy 
I was never a big fan but its sad to hear that drugs have claimed another person . RIP #amywinehouse 
So Amy Winehouse joins the " 27 Club " along w / Jimi Hendrix , Janis Joplin , Kurt Cobain , Basquiat , Jacob Miller & other greats who died at 27 
Amy Winehouse died . Sad , yes , but is anyone honestly surprised by this ? 
RT : #amywinehouse has died . The cause of death is unknown but there are rumors Mrs . Weasley mistook her for Bellatrix L ... 
amy winehouse was found dead ? how sad . RIP 
R . I . P amy winehouse xx 
Rip . Such a talented singer , yet died so young . Loved her music ! ! 
RT : RIP #amywinehouse 
Amy winehouse dead ! 
RT : #amywinehouse has died . The cause of death is unknown but there are rumors Mrs . Weasley mistook her for Bellatrix L ... 
Amy Winehouse ( 27 ) died ... not too suprised by that you know 
RIP #amywinehouse ! Damn ... 
RT : #amywinehouse has died . The cause of death is unknown but there are rumors Mrs . Weasley mistook her for Bellatrix L ... 
RT : momma told you not to do drugs for a reason . #ripamywinehouse 
#ripamywinehouse ! She was a great singer and I'm sure she will be missed ! :( 
RT : Sadly true . Amy Winehouse dies from overdose : #amywinehouse 
RT : Amy Winehouse found dead in her apartment . So sad . #amywinehouse 
Rest in Peace Amy Winehouse , what an amazing voice you had ! X 
Rip #amywinehouse , such a shame that addiction killed off a great talent . Joins other legends in dying aged 27 . Thoughts to the family . 
#amywinehouse RIP . Such a waste of talent and and life . 
RT : Sadly true . Amy Winehouse dies from overdose : #amywinehouse 
R . I . P Amy Winehouse .. I have to admit I did like some of her songs :/ . 
so sad :'( #amywinehouse rest in peace . 
RT : we only said goodbye with words , you died a hundred times .. / - RIP #amywinehouse 
OMG ! Amy Winehouse was found died . So sad . She was an amazing singer . 
RT : Rest in Peace Amy Winehouse . You rocked . Sad to see you go . Too soon . #amywinehouse #rip 
RT : RIP ... @amywinehouse found dead this moring ... send out your prayers to her family ... 
amy winehouse died ... who gives a fuck 
OMG , I can't think about nothing else : o #amywinehouse died because of DRUGS ! ! Damn ... Such a shame , Such a great Loss ... 
#AmyWinehouse found dead at her apartment in London , UK - RIP Amy winehouse 
Very sad . RT Amy Winehouse found dead in her apartment . So sad . #amywinehouse 
RIP amy winehouse ... wow :( 
omg wow can't believe Amy Winehouse is dead ... this is so sad ! #RIPamywinehouse 
For those who don't believe it ... #amywinehouse RIP ; 
Amy Winehouse is dead ! I can't believe it ! R . I . P ... I hope it wasn't the drugs what a waste of a life .. Really sad #Amywinehouse 
it wasn't a surprise but it is a waste of exceptional talent #ripamywinehouse 
Damn . Another lost talent . RIP #amywinehouse 
RT : #amywinehouse was found dead in her london flat just 2 hours ago . she was an amazing singer and is gonna be missed ... 
RT : Amy Winehouse dead at 27 . Hardly a shock given her well publicized problems but still sad . 
RT : Sadly true . Amy Winehouse dies from overdose : #amywinehouse 
RT : #amywinehouse has died . The cause of death is unknown but there are rumors Mrs . Weasley mistook her for Bellatrix L ... 
RT : Just heard the sad news that Amy Winehouse has died . At only 27 what a terrible waste of a great talent . Sincere condolences ... 
R . I . P RT : RIP . #Amywinehouse ... 
RIP #amywinehouse 
RIP #amywinehouse . such a tragic death , overdose :( say no to drugs , guys ! 
RT : Omg Amy Winehouse has died What the hell 
R . I . P Amy Winehouse such a shame ! 
RT : OMG can't believe #AmyWinehouse has died . What a dreadful waste of an amazing talent . Sad to think they'll be no more ... 
just found out #amywinehouse is dead . i listen to this womans songs faithfully on a daily basis , she's extremely talented . such a sad story . 
Amy winehouse found dead ! ? ! ? 
RT : Woah . Amy winehouse died . The world lost a big talent unnecessarily . Such a shame . :( 
RIP #amywinehouse 
Amy winehouse died ? ! ? 
was never really a big fan or anything , but #RIP #amywinehouse 
R . I . P amy winehouse . x 
RIP amy winehousee . 
Amy Winehouse died ? ! 
sad day today with the death of a super talent like #amywinehouse 
So sad RIP #amywinehouse <3 
RT : Amy Winehouse has been found dead at her flat in North London , age 27 . Sad sad news . 
- Rest in Peace x 
RT : RIP 
amy winehouse is dead ! 
Police : Singer Amy Winehouse dies ( AP ) 
RT Amy Winehouse found dead in her apartment . So sad . #amywinehouse 
#AmyWinehouse found dead at her London flat 
RIP Amy Winehouse :( ( such a talent , died too young :/ 
Omfg #amywinehouse died ? Wtf ? ! 
Amy winehouse has passed away from OD . Will there be rehab in heaven ? 
RT : #amywinehouse has died . The cause of death is unknown but there are rumors Mrs . Weasley mistook her for Bellatrix L ... 
#amywinehouse was talented . But she was slowly killing herself with all that drugs and drink . Her own fault in the end . but RIP 
RT : Omg .. Singer Amy Winehouse has died , aged 27 , the Press Association reports . 
#ripamywinehouse you'll music will live on forever 
RT : #amywinehouse has died . The cause of death is unknown but there are rumors Mrs . Weasley mistook her for Bellatrix L ... 
R . I . P Amy Winehouse you truly will be missed in the music industry :( wishes to the her family #amywinehouse R . I . P < / 3 
holy effin crap . RIP Amy winehouse . I feel like we all just watched her suffer , and she didn't get the help she needed :/ 
#ripamywinehouse <3 x x x x 
Amy Winehouse died today . She's trending on Twitter and I never even heard of her or know who she is . 
RT : #amywinehouse has died . The cause of death is unknown but there are rumors Mrs . Weasley mistook her for Bellatrix L ... 
#amywinehouse died ? #surprising ? 
So sad to see another person so talented pass away before their time RIP amy winehouse 
RT : As reported by Reuters , Amy Winehouse is reportedly dead . She died in her North London home at 3.54 pm from drugs and drinks ... 
Rip amy winehouse 
RT : Omg RIP amy winehouse :( such a waste of talent , Dead at 27 just like janis joplin , kurt coban and jimmi hendrix , weird .. 
RT : RT Dear Twitter , if it weren't for u I would not have known that #AmyWinehouse died ... RIP 
RT : #amywinehouse has died . The cause of death is unknown but there are rumors Mrs . Weasley mistook her for Bellatrix L ... 
RT : RIP Amy winehouse ... :( so sad she was only 27 . 
Amy Winehouse dies @ age 27 in London . So sad ! 
RT : #amywinehouse has died . The cause of death is unknown but there are rumors Mrs . Weasley mistook her for Bellatrix L ... 
Amy Winehouse died . #RIPAmyWinehouss 
“ : Amy Winehouse died today at 27 . Same age as : Kurt Cobain , Jim Morrison , Joplin , Hendrix ” - - interesting 
Amy winehouse found dead in her house in north London . Cause of death is unexplained , she probably died from addiction to drugs .. I think ... 
Rip amy winehouse amazin talent wit a gift frm god #tragic x 
RT : #amywinehouse has died . The cause of death is unknown but there are rumors Mrs . Weasley mistook her for Bellatrix L ... 
RT : ☹ Rest in Peace 
RT : Singer Amy Winehouse dies aged 27 
RIP #amywinehouse This is proof drugs WILL kill people ... 
Amy Winehouse died ... the 27 club continues . 
RT : Amy WineHouse died - __ - 
RT : Sad news about amy winehouse :( RIP 
Amy Winehouse died on Paul's and Daniel's birthday ! :( 
RT : Singer Amy Winehouse dies aged 27 
RT : Amy Winehouse found dead at age 27 . Seems to be the magic number : Joplin , Morrison , Cobain , Hendrix all died at 27 
RIP #amywinehouse ;( 
Amy winehouse dead : O 
RT : Singer Amy Winehouse dies aged 27 
RIP Amy Winehouse . 
RIP #AmyWinehouse 
RT : RT : RT Amy Winehouse dies at 27 just like Jim Morrison , Kurt Cobain , Jimi Hendrix ... 
Damn my bitch Amy winehouse died ! 
Sad moment for everyone , Amy winehouse found dead in her flat , thoughts with her friends and family rip amy .. x 
Wasn't it a matter of time ? UK singer Amy Winehouse found dead , Sky News reports via 
Bulawayo 24 NEWS | Singer Amy Winehouse dies at 27 
Amy winehouse found dead ? Shame , such a talent 
amy winehouse is dead ! ? 
Amy winehouse RIP what a sad & tragic end to such an amazing talent x 
RT : Amy Winehouse died today at age 27 . #thatnumber Maybe they should have made her go to rehab ? 
TMZ reported it it must be truw RT : Amy Winehouse found dead in her apartment . So sad . #amywinehouse 
#AmyWinehouse died ? ! Wut ? ? 
#RIP . Such a shame to see another life lost to addiction . May she finally be at peace . 
RT : daily mail reporting amy winehouse reportedly found dead ... sad . sad . rest in peace , amy 
RT : #amywinehouse has died . The cause of death is unknown but there are rumors Mrs . Weasley mistook her for Bellatrix L ... 
#27club RIP #Amy #amywinehouse NMP 
RT : Jimi Hendrix , Jim Morrison , Janis Joplin , Kurt Cobain , and now Amy Winehouse . All died at age 27 . #27club 
I can't believe she died , #RIPAmyWinehouse 
Rip amy winehouse ... an amazing artist with a troubled heart ... note to all ... try to find inner peace on this side of life ... 
RT : #amywinehouse has died . The cause of death is unknown but there are rumors Mrs . Weasley mistook her for Bellatrix L ... 
Oh no ! RT : BREAKING NEWS : Amy Winehouse , 27 , found dead at her London flat #amywinehouse 
Amy Winehouse . Talented yet tragic #ripamywinehouse 
Whoa Amy Winehouse is dead ! :( R . I . P . #amywinehouse 
Omg rip amy winehouse :'( 
Amy Winehouse has died ! ! ! Shit . 
RIP amy winehouse . 
So amy winehouse is dead ... they tried to make her go to rehab .. but she said no no no ... 
RT : #breakingnews : Reports Amy Winehouse died today at 27 . Same age as : Kurt Cobain , Jim Morrison , Joplin , Hendrix ... 
Rip amy winehouse 
OMG amy did die i though it wasnt true cause ppl joke like that r . i . p amy winehouse 
RT : let's admit it ... we all knew it was coming . #ripamywinehouse 
RT : Singer Amy Winehouse dies aged 27 / / 27 años com Kurt , Janis , Jim y Jimi :( #fb 
Wow I just found out amy winehouse is dead I'm sorry to hear that I thought she was doing good 
amy winehouse died . she was my FAVORITE . ;( 
RT : R . I . P Amy winehouse ... Gone too soon . 
Amy Winehouse has died #wtf 
RT : #amywinehouse has died . The cause of death is unknown but there are rumors Mrs . Weasley mistook her for Bellatrix L ... 
RT : Today is a sad day . We lost a modern legend . Let her music live on as she fades back to black . #ripamywinehouse 
RT : #amywinehouse found dead after suspected drug overdose in London ! She was 27 
Saddened for the passing of such a talented and creative young woman who ultimately lost her battle against drug & alcohol RIP 
RT : #amywinehouse has died . The cause of death is unknown but there are rumors Mrs . Weasley mistook her for Bellatrix L ... 
Uh what Amy Winehouse died 
Rip amy winehouse #greatvoice 
Oops , Amy winehouse has died in her London flat . So it would appear money & fame don't make you happy - have to rethink my next move . 
Clearly RT : Amy Winehouse dies at age 27 . Probably the most dangerous age for any succesful musician . Such a shame ! 
Amy winehouse is dead 
RT : RT : RT : Tragic news - Amy Winehouse dies from drug overdose aged 27 " 
Amy Winehouse died ? ! ? Awh thats so sad ! :( #fb 
So , Amy Winehouse died . They tried to make her go to rehab ... 
#amywinehouse found dead in her London home : I can't say that I " m surprised , unfortunately :/ 
RT : RT : RIP amy winehouse ! ! ! xxxxxxxxxxxx what a waste , an amazing singer with an amazing voice ! ! ! xxxxx 
RT : Singer Amy Winehouse dies aged 27 
RT : RT @945Kfm : Amy Winehouse has died . RIP . : FLASH : British singer Amy Winehouse found dead at her home in London 
Dang Amy Winehouse died , well she should've went to " Rehab " ! But she said no no no ! RIP 
Rip Amy winehouse so sad :( 
RT : Sooo ... Amy Winehouse has died ... 
RT : #amywinehouse has died . The cause of death is unknown but there are rumors Mrs . Weasley mistook her for Bellatrix L ... 
RIP #amywinehouse . so young . 
Wooooow . RIP RT : Amy Winehouse dies aged 27 - Telegraph via 
RT : RT : RIP ... @amywinehouse found dead this morning ... send out your prayers to her family ... 
Always sad when someone so young dies #amywinehouse 
RT : RIP . We love you :'( 
RIP Amy Winehouse 
WTF amy winehouse is dead ? RIP amy winehouse ... She had a amazing voice :) thoughts are with her family x 
Rip #amywinehouse 
Wow ... #amywinehouse #dead 
RIP ... Amy Winehouse dies aged 27 via 
RT : Jimi Hendrix , Janis Joplin , Jim Morrison , Brian Jones of the Rolling Stones , Kurt Cobain and now Amy Winehouse : all d ... 
Amy winehouse is dead * sobs * 
rip #amywinehouse 
Talk about shocking deaths , Amy Winehouse dies at 27 ? Wow ! 
" : RT : Sadly true . Amy Winehouse dies from overdose . RIP . #amywhinehouse " 
RT : “ : Sadly true . Amy Winehouse dies from overdose : #amywinehouse ” 
#amywinehouse really died ? Wow that's so shocking ! Oh my god . 
RIP #Amywinehouse 
RT : #RIPamywinehouse . Such sad news . 
RT : Singer Amy Winehouse dies aged 27 
Amy winehouse died ? ! 
Amy winehouse died today .. Wtf ! Rip amy <3 
RIP #amywinehouse 
RT : #amywinehouse has died . The cause of death is unknown but there are rumors Mrs . Weasley mistook her for Bellatrix L ... 
RT : Singer Amy Winehouse dies aged 27 
damn , amy winehouse dead . maybe her daddy was wrong & she shoulda went to rehab ! 
Amy winehouse has died . :/ 
rip amy winehouse 
Rip #amywinehouse 
Amy Winehouse died :'( 
Amy Winehouse found dead at age 27 . another 27 - year-old . Sad 
love is a losing a game <3 #amywinehouse r . i . p ! 
RIP Amy winehouse 
#amywinehouse joins club 27 ! RIP , such a shame . Another life wasted due to drugs 
RT : Look amy winehouse is the number 1 trend to bad she'll never know ! #RIPamywinehouse 
RT : #amywinehouse has died . The cause of death is unknown but there are rumors Mrs . Weasley mistook her for Bellatrix L ... 
Amy winehouse dead ? ! #wowzers 
RT : Singer Amy Winehouse dies aged 27 
#rip #amywinehouse gone too soon 
Amy winehouse died . That's like Dave's clone dying . 
Another tragic ending RT : Reports Amy Winehouse died today at 27 . Same age as : Kurt Cobain , Jim ( cont ) 
#AmyWinehouse is dead ... ? ! 
RT : R . I . P Amy winehouse ! Tragic waste of talent . 
RT : #breakingnews : Reports Amy Winehouse died today at 27 . Same age as : Kurt Cobain , Jim Morrison , Joplin , Hendrix 
R . I . P Amy winehouse .. the world will miss U 
RT : Amy winehouse is dead ? Holy craaap ! 
Omg #amywinehouse RIP what a tragic loss of a life :( x 
RT : #amywinehouse joins ' 27 Club ' . Others who died at 27 - Brian Jones , Jimi Hendrix , Janis Joplin , Jim Morrison , and Kurt Cob ... 
RIP Amy winehouse 
RT : Singer Amy Winehouse dies aged 27 
Singer Amy Winehouse found dead , UK press says – This Just In - CNN.com Blogs via 
#amywinehouse died : o ... that's sad but I'm not a fan at all 
MannnnnRT : " : | | amy winehouse died . yeah , it ` s too late for yall to become a fan now . " | say it two times 
She ded ? O_o RT : Well guess rehab didnt help the bitch ... R . I . P #amywinehouse 
RIP #amywinehouse . :-( 
RT : #amywinehouse has died . The cause of death is unknown but there are rumors Mrs . Weasley mistook her for Bellatrix L ... 
Amy Winehouse found dead . 
Wth Amy Winehouse died smh that's sad 
RT : Amy Winehouse dies at 27 , like Curt Cobain , Jim Morrison , Janis Joplin , and Jimi Hendrix . #27Club 
RIP Amy Winehouse #AmywinehouseRIP #socialcrush 
RIP Amy Winehouse , so tragic and such a waste of an amazing talent ! ! #amywinehouse 
Hendrix , Joplin , Cobain , Morrison , & now #AmyWinehouse all died at age 27 ... O . o 
Damn Amy Winehouse died she should've went to rehab , instead of sayin no , no , no . 
RIP #amywinehouse <3 Now we know why drugs are bad for you ! 
Hate to see great talent wasted . rip amy winehouse . 
RT : R . I . P #AmyWinehouse . She didn't deserve to die . 
Police : Singer Amy Winehouse found dead at her home in London 
Rip Amy winehouse ... 
Amy Winehouse died this afternoon . Another great loss music ! ! RIP 
RT : #ripamywinehouse . so talented . 
Jesus : RIP Amy Winehouse - This is CRAZY , when are U fools going to wake up ( I know , I was one too , fukin hell ) 
RT : #amywinehouse . I guess she really didn't go to rehab . No , no , no . R . I . P . 
RT : JUST NOW ! ! : " Amy Winehouse found dead at her home - Police said they were treating the death as unexplained , GulfNews . " Om ... 
Amy winehouse , rip ! No one could make you see any sense and change your ways , so sad ! 
Amy Winehouse is dead . Not shocked . Stay away from hard drugs . #amywinehouse 
RT : RT : Police confirm Amy Winehouse , 27 , found dead at her home ; Death being treated ... 
#RIPamywinehouse :-( so sad ! ! 
Cannot believe about #amywinehouseR . I . P 
Amy winehouse found dead 
Can't believe that Amy Winehouse passed away ... No .. It's a big losing =( #RIPamy 
RT : Amy Winehouse .. So sad . Unfortunately the world lost an incredibly talented woman to such a powerful disease ... addiction . ... 
RT : RIP amy winehouse .. another talented women taken by the darkness of drugs & alcohol .. you will be missed <3 33 
Amy Winehouse died ... sad but sorta knew the road she was headed still very sad #RIPAmyWinehouse 
RIP #amywinehouse 
Damn Amy Winehouse died 
Wait soo amy winehouse dead ! ... on offence but she used to already look dead n unhealthy :/ R . I . P . 
Amy Winehouse found dead . 
RT : #AmyWinehouse becomes latest member of " 27 Club . " Other celebs to die at 27 : Kurt Cobain , Jimi Hendrix , Jim Morrison , Jani ... 
So sad to hear that #amywinehouse has died . Such a lovely singer . Rip . My thoughts are with her loved ones . X 
Amy Winehouse finally shot too much heroin and died . 
Ok so Amy Winehouse died , everyone chill the fuck out . 
RT : Amy Winehouse died ... yup , kids , this is why you stay off drugs ! 
#amywinehouse found dead . Damn , you would think people would help if all your troubles were exposed in the spotlight . R . I . P . 
R . I . P amy winehouse x 
RIP Amy winehouse . 
RT : RIP AMY WINEHOUSE ! YOU WILL BE MISSED I LOVE YOUR MUSIC ! 
RIP amy winehouse ... 
OMG ! ! ... RIP Amy #amywinehouse 
Drugs never work out . RIP #amywinehouse 
Amy winehouse is dead ! 
RT : Amy Winehouse found dead in her London home at the age of 27 . Keep checking for the latest . 
RT : Breaking News : Amy Winehouse found dead #amywinehouse 
RT : Brian Jones , Kurt Cobain , Janis Joplin , Jim Morrison , Jimi Hendrix and now Amy Winehouse . All died aged 27 . RIP to you ... 
so sad and sorry for her , Sometimes noone can help . #amywinehouse #RIP 
RIP AMY WINEHOUSE - 
Amy Winehouse Has Passed Away . So Sad : ' - ( May she RIP 
RT : Jimi Hendrix , Janis Joplin , Jim Morrison , Brian Jones of the Rolling Stones , Kurt Cobain and now Amy Winehouse : all d ... 
Wooooow Amy winehouse died - __ - 
RT : amy winehouse is dead . #shouldvegonetorehab 
RT : RIP #AmyWinehouse 
What the ... Amy Winehouse died . Such a huge loss for the music-industry and the world lost an amazingly talented woman . Rest in Peace Amy ! 
Right , so Amy Winehouse is dead ... and we're shocked ... why ? #hatetobecallous #butseriouslynow 
RT : RIP amy winehouse ... Now I'm continuing to go on with life . 
RT : Damn R . I . P Amy Winehouse even tho I wasn't a fan of hers 
James Dean , Arthur Deyna , Janis Joplin - died young , were icons of ... and now #AmyWinehouse ... #RIPAmyWinehouse 
RT : Singer Amy Winehouse dies aged 27 
RT : RIP . We love you :'( 
RIP 
RT : Amy Winehouse dead . Such a shame she was a talent . But can't say it was a shock . #watse #amywinehouse 
wow rip amy winehouse . was just talking about her love for amy on thursday smh 
RT : RT : Confirmed : Amy Winehouse dead . Same age as Cobain , Morrison , Joplin , Hendrix . : 
Rest in Peace amy winehouse #27club #forever27 
RIP Amy Winehouse - not unexpected , but still shocking 
Unbelievable and so sad . RIPSinger Amy Winehouse found dead , UK press says #cnn 
Wow Amy winehouse died ! 
RT : #amywinehouse has died . The cause of death is unknown but there are rumors Mrs . Weasley mistook her for Bellatrix L ... 
RT : Amy Winehouse died today at 27 . 27 Club includes : Kurt Cobain , Jim Morrison , Janis Joplin , Jimi Hendrix , & Brian Jones . ... 
Like an old rockstar ... #RIPamyWinehouse at 27 ... 
Amy Winehouse found dead ... a great talent gone . A tragic waste . 
Rip #amywinehouse shulda took her ass to rehab 
Wow ! found dead in London . What a shame ! #wastedlifeandtalent 
RT : RIP 
RT : RIP #amywinehouse :( 
RT : REST IN PEACE #Amywinehouse . 
RT : Woah . Amy winehouse died . The world lost a big talent unnecessarily . Such a shame . :( 
Wow Amy Winehouse died . Death comes for us all . 
Rest in Peace Amy Winehouse . Fantastic UK talent , quite possibly the best to ever do it for us . Unsurprising but still sad . x #amywinehouse 
RT : R . I . P Amy winehouse ... Gone too soon . 
cannot believe amy winehouse id dead #ripamywinehouse 
RT : Singer Amy Winehouse dies aged 27 
Police : Singer Amy Winehouse dies ( AP ) 
RT : Really sad that Amy Winehouse has died . Tragic waste that reflect the dangers of excess in our modern society #amywin ... 
RT : #amywinehouse joins ' 27 Club ' . Others who died at 27 - Brian Jones , Jimi Hendrix , Janis Joplin , Jim Morrison , and Kur ... 
Wowzers another ones been added to the list of dead at 27 ... Amy winehouse ... #RIP 
RT : #amywinehouse has died . The cause of death is unknown but there are rumors Mrs . Weasley mistook her for Bellatrix L ... 
Amy winehouse found dead in her apartment 
RT : Damn amy winehouse died wow drugs is no joke rip _ you lying 
RT : #RIPamywinehouse : so shocked ! She was so young O_O 
OMG , amy winehouse dieddd ? ! i loved her :( ( ( 
#amywinehouse RIP me love ! ! So hard to kick a habit like that in the industry u were in ! X 
RT : RIP #amywinehouse even though I have absolutely no idea who u r other than someone who beat out Paramore for a #Grammy 
Oh shit amy winehouse was found dead or she died 2day which ever one I ain't kno till I looked @ twitter any ways # R . I . P AW 
The whole world woke drunk today with the sad news of the death of #Amywinehouse 
RT : They tried to make her go to rehab and she said " No , No , Noo " and now she's dead . #amywinehouse 
R . I . P Amy Winehouse :*( who i just found out died from 
RIP :( xxx 
she said no to #rehab now look at her dead frm overdose #amywinehouse 
RT : Amy Winehouse died ? ! ? ! ? ! 
Amy Winehouse dead at 27 . Joining Jim Morrison , Jimi Hendrix , Janis Joplin , and Kurt Cobain who all died at that age . 
What a waste of a talent . Troubled and onto self destruct for some time . I am sad at the thought . #amywinehouse RIP 
RIP #amywinehouse 
We'll miss you #Amywinehouse . You maybe dead . But your wonderful music will live forever . #RIP 
#amywinehouse is dead . 
so amy winehouse is DEAD ? ? ? ! ! ! WTH ! ! ! ? ? ? 
#AmyWinehouse died ! : O Get ready for Roger Ebert's latest a-hole remark . 
RT : Amy Winehouse dead at 27 . Joining Jim Morrison , Jimi Hendrix , Janis Joplin , and Kurt Cobain who all died at that age . 
Representatives on the House floor begin clasping as the #debtceiling bill passes . 
The Budget Control Act has passed the House . 
RT : FLASH : Debt limit bill gets enough votes to pass House of Representatives ; voting continues 
House passes debt ceiling compromise bill . 
Oh oh RT : US House votes 269-161 to raise government's debt ceiling ; bill now goes to Senate 
RT : The House votes 269-191 in favor of the debt limit bill 
Rep . Gabrielle Giffords appears on House floor for first time since her shooting . House passes debt limit bill . 
Update : US House passes debt deal 269-161 #debtdeal 
RT Debt Deal PASSES HOUSE 268-161 #tcot #teaparty #debt #stltpc 
RT : The debt ceiling bill just passed the House . It should pass the Senate tomorrow . I don't yet know what the vote was . #tcot 
RT : the debt deal has passed , 269-161 . and the only thing people will remember from that moment is that Rep . Gabby Giffords v ... 
RT : On Monday evening the House passed a bill to raise the debt ceiling , 269 to 161 . 
RT : GOP-controlled U . S . House votes to approve bill that would raise the federal #debt ceiling and impose spending cuts ... 
RT : Debt Bill passes house , 269-161 . Applause for Giffords turning up to vote 
#Debt #ceiling compromise legislation passes the House of Representatives . Rep . #Giffords receives standing ovation ! 
US House voted 269-161 to raise government's debt ceiling ; bill will now go to the Senate 
RT : Budget Control Act passed 269 - 161 . #debt #debtceiling 
RT : Seen on C-SPAN : House passes #debt ceiling bill , 269-161 . 
RT : BREAKING NEWS : House OKs debt-ceiling bill ; Rep . Gabrielle Giffords entered House chamber to a standing ovation tonight . :/ ... 
The U . S . House has passed a bill to raise it's government debt limit and cut spending . Now it will be voted on by the Senate . 
The House just passed the debt bill , yet we are thanking the House Pages for their service . That couldn't wait ? no wonder nothing gets done . 
RT : US House votes 269-161 to raise government's debt ceiling ; bill now goes to Senate 
RT RT House approves debt reduction bill 
Whi were the 161 idiots ? RT : Speaker Boehner announces to House chamber that debt limit bill has been passed 269-161 . 
BREAKING NEWS : House OKs debt-ceiling bill ; Rep . Gabrielle Giffords entered House chamber to a standing ovation tonight . via 
House passes debt ceiling bill . Thank goodness . Hope this madness is over soon ! 
House votes to raise debt limit , cut spending 
RT : BREAKING NEWS : House OKs debt-ceiling bill ; Rep . Gabrielle Giffords entered House chamber to a standing ovation tonight . :/ ... 
RT : BREAKING NEWS : House OKs debt-ceiling bill ; Rep . Gabrielle Giffords entered House chamber to a standing ovation tonight . :/ ... 
RT : BREAKING : U . S . House passes debt ceiling bill 
#news US House passes debt-limit bill : The US House of Representatives passes a last-minute deal to avoid a fede ... 
RT : BREAKING NEWS : House OKs debt-ceiling bill ; Rep . Gabrielle Giffords entered House chamber to a standing ovation tonight . :/ ... 
RT : BREAKING NEWS : House OKs debt-ceiling bill ; Rep . Gabrielle Giffords entered House chamber to a standing ovation tonight . :/ ... 
Credit 101 : Pay off your debts first before taking more $ $ RT House Approves Bill To Raise Federal Debt Limit 
" : Seen on C-SPAN : House passes #debt ceiling bill , 269-161 . " #woowoo 
RT : US House votes 269-161 to raise government's debt ceiling ; bill now goes to Senate 
The House passes debt ceiling bill , Senate to vote tomorrow . Great to see Rep . Giffords looking so well . 
House votes for debt-ceiling increase : The House of Representatives voted Monday to approve a bill that would in ... 
RT : RT House passes debt limit deal 269-161 . Rep . Gabby Giffords returns to vote “ yes ” 
RT : House passes $ 2.1 trillion U . S . #debt ceiling plan | 
US House passes debt-limit bill 
RT : US debt crisis : US House passes debt bill 
Fed debt , $ 14 Tril . Number of Aye House votes passing #debtceiling bill , 269 . Seeing Gabrielle Giffords vote on CSPAN , priceless . 
RT : House approves debt-ceiling bill ; Gabrielle Giffords arrives to vote | 
RT : BREAKING : The House approved increasing the debt ceiling thru 2013 & cutting spending $ 1 trillion , 269 - 61 ; the bill now ... 
RT : RT : The US House of Representatives voted to pass a compromise debt limit bill th … ( cont ) 
House passes debt ceiling agreement ; Senate votesTues . AZ Rep . Giffords casts 1st vote since shooting . #cnn 
The Budget Control Act of 2011 ( S . 365 ) Passes the House 269 to 161 . Senate will vote tomorrow R17 D95 #budget #debtceiling 
House Approves Bill To Raise Federal Debt Limit : The House of Representatives has approved legislation to raise th ... 
US House of Reps passes debt bill : The US House of Representatives has voted to raise the US debt ceiling to ave ... 
RT : BREAKING NEWS : House OKs debt-ceiling bill ; Rep . Gabrielle Giffords entered House chamber to a standing ovation tonight . :/ ... 
House approves debt-ceiling increase bill : WASHINGTON ( MarketWatch ) By a 269 - to - 161 vote , the House of Represent ... 
House approves a debt bill a day before deadline - 
My day will be busy tomorrow ! I'm glad this finally got done ! RT @nationalpost : BREAKING : U . S . House passes debt ceiling bill 
House approves debt deal a day before deadline : WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - The House of Representatives on Monday ap ... 
Cheers & Applauds Ring Out In The House Of Representatives Upon Passage Of Debt Ceiling Raise # 2 is more like it . 
US House passes debt-limit bill : The US House comfortably passes a bill to avert a debt default , in a vote marke ... 
House of Representatives vote in favour of debt bill #IBEX #Trading 
US House passes debt-limit bill #business 
US debt deal wins approval in House of Representatives 
RT : US House of Reps passes debt limit compromise in 269-161 vote #USdebt 
House passes debt ceiling agreement ; Senate vote is Tuesday #cnn 
US House passes debt bill , wards off default risk : WASHINGTON , Aug 2 — The House of Representatives yesterday ap ... 
New debt limit = $ 14.3 trillion - - Debt deal easily clears House , final passage likely via #congress #obama 
RT : BREAKING : House passes debt limit deal . 
U . S . : House passes bipartisan debt plan - - #Wenatchee #Political 
US Debt Ceiling Deal - US House approves debt bill | Republican , Democratic parties & White House reached an agreement 
BBC world 02-08- 2011 ... US House passes debt-limit bill 
US House clears debt ceiling bill :: Pranaam India 
RT : USA : US House passes crucial bill to raise debt ceiling 
House of Representatives passes debt :/ / t.co/7izJIai 
HOUSE PASSES DEBT LIMIT INCREASE , SENATE TO VOTE AT NOON TUESDAY via 
US House passes bill slash spending , avoid default 
US House of Representatives passes debt-limit bill ... 
RT : NASA scientists have found evidence of what they believe to be flowing water on Mars - WATCH LIVE 
RT : NASA scientists have found evidence of what they believe to be flowing water on Mars - WATCH LIVE 
RT from #MRO have revealed possible flowing #water during the warmest months on #Mars 
RT : NASA says that dark streaks on surface of Mars indicate the presence of ' liquid water ' . They appear to be seasonal in mi ... 
RT : NASA reporting live right now that they have circumstantial evidence for flowing , liquid water on Mars . 
RT : NASA scientists have found evidence of what they believe to be flowing water on Mars - WATCH LIVE 
RT : NASA scientists have found evidence of what they believe to be flowing water on Mars - WATCH LIVE 
RT : Here ; s the official press release from NASA about Mars RT : NASA Spacecraft May See Water Flowing on :/ / go . ... 
RT : 7 confirmed sites of warm-season flows w / " some sort of " volatile material ( i . e . water ) in mid-latitudes of #Mars ' southe ... 
RT NASA Spacecraft May See Water Flowing on Mars 
RT : #NASA scientists say they have found indications of seasonal salt-water flows on #Mars . 
♺ : Observations from #MRO have revealed possible flowing #water during the warmest months on #Mars #marsattacks 
RT : WOAH ! RT : Correction : NASA Spacecraft May See Water Flowing on Mars . 
RT : New finding from Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter - Something flowing on the surface of Mars . Take a look ! 
New observations by NASA show potential for salt water flows on the surface of Mars . Dope . 
RT : NASA scientists have found evidence of what they believe to be flowing water on Mars - WATCH LIVE 
RT : New finding from our Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter - Something is flowing on the surface of Mars . Take a look ! ... 
RT : New finding from our Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter - Something is flowing on the surface of Mars . Take a look ! ... 
Wow .. They found salt water on mars 
Interesting RT #NASA scientists say that they found indications of seasonal salt-water flows on Mars , a sign that water may exist 
RT : Observations of Mars reveals possible flowing water during the warmest months on the Red Planet 
RT : #NASA scientists say they have found indications of seasonal salt-water flows on #Mars . 
Water flowing on the surface of Mars 
RT : NASA scientists have found evidence of what they believe to be flowing water on Mars - WATCH LIVE 
NASA saying there's theoretical water on Mars . I'm kinda skeptical - bit suspicious of the timing . * puts on tin foil hat * 
Music news aside , this is exciting > > BBC News - Mars : Nasa images show signs of flowing water 
CNN Breaking News - Scientists find indications of seasonal salt-water flows on Mars , a sign that water may exist there in liquid form 
RT : Observations of Mars reveals possible flowing water during the warmest months on the Red Planet 
RT : Wow ! RT Observations of Mars reveals possible flowing water during the warmest months on the Red Planet ... 
RT : Observations of Mars reveals possible flowing water during the warmest months on the Red Planet 
Mars may have salty water – Light Years - CNN.com Blogs via 
RT : UA team may have found liquid water on Mars Mobile : 
NASA probe suggests flowing water on Mars 
Mars may have salty water : 
RT : #NASA scientists say they have found indications of seasonal salt-water flows on #Mars . 
Spacecraft finds water flowing on Mars . 
RT : Sat observations suggest saltwater flow on Mars : 
RT : #NASA scientists say they have found indications of seasonal salt-water flows on #Mars . 
RT : #NASA scientists say they have found indications of seasonal salt-water flows on #Mars . 
RT : NASA finds more - and more compelling - evidence of flowing liquid water on Mars ! 
RT : Awesome ! Spacecraft finds water flowing on Mars . 
RT : Scientists find evidence of salt water flowing on Mars 
" : Wow ! RT Observations of Mars reveals possible flowing water during the warmest months on the Red Planet " 
RT : #NASA scientists say they have found indications of seasonal salt-water flows on #Mars . 
RT : NASA scientists have found evidence of what they believe to be flowing water on Mars - WATCH LIVE 
Lowell smiles . RT Observations of Mars reveals possible flowing water during the warmest months on the Red Planet 
Wow .. that would be something ... RT : DETAILS : Saltwater May Flow On Mars 
One step closer to that Doctor Who special : there may be briny water on Mars 
There may be liquid water on Mars.Shared via Dolphin Browser 
Photo : BREAKING : Scientists find evidence of salt water flowing on Mars . Maybe . The streaky-type things ... 
Mars may have salty water flowing via #space #newhome #spacetravel #ockham'srazor 
Solar System Warming ? Observations of Mars reveals possible flowing water during the warmest months on the Red Planet 
#NASA scientists say they have found indications of seasonal salt-water flows on #Mars . 
RT : NASA scientists have found evidence of what they believe to be flowing water on Mars - WATCH LIVE 
RT : NASA announcing possible signs of seasonally flowing liquid briny water on Mars . We'll talk with lead author Alfred Mc Ewen ... 
YES ! MARS ! SEND PEOPLE ! ! ! RT : Observations of Mars reveals possible flowing water during the warmest months 
RT : Scientists confirm there is liquid water on the surface of Mars 
BBC News - Mars : Nasa images show signs of flowing water 
RT : New finding from our Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter - Something is flowing on the surface of Mars . Take a look ! ... 
Dark streaks on Mars could be water - Telegraph via 
Salt water could be running down some slopes of Mars every spring , researchers suggest . #space #mars 
NASA : Is life-giving water flowing on Mars ? : New images from an orbiting probe appear to show seasonal water flo ... 
it's exciting the fact that NASA has found water on Mars ! There surely has to be life as well . :O) 
RT : #NASA scientists say they have found indications of seasonal salt-water flows on #Mars . 
They may have found flowing water on Mars . Flowing water ! On Mars ! 
RT : NASA discovers evidence of flowing water on Mars 
RT : NASA scientists say they have found indications of seasonal salt-water flows on Mars , a sign that water may exist there . 
Images from NASA's Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter suggests that salt water may be flowing across surface of Red Planet . 
Wow . RT #NASA discovers water on #Mars . 
In unrelated yet more important news , NASA found flowing water on Mars ! #packyourbags 
Ooh exciting . BBC News - Nasa images show signs of flowing water on Mars 
NASA may have found flowing water on Mars ( BBC ): #getyourasstomars 
BBC News - Mars : Nasa images show signs of flowing water 
RT : NASA finds more - and more compelling - evidence of flowing liquid water on Mars ! 
Watching a msnbc.com video : Scientists find possible evidence of saltwater on Mars - via 
“ : NASA discovers evidence of flowing water on Mars ” Whoa ! 
Fiat vita ! / / Scientists confirm evidence of liquid water on the surface of Mars - io9 
#Science #News Salty water may flow on Mars , images suggest ( Los Angeles Times ): Share With Friends : | | S ... 
NASA discovers evidence of flowing water on Mars 
" Flowing water on Mars ' - - #mars 
NASA finds signs of ' flowing water on Mars ' : Scientists say water is flowing on Mars during its wa ... 
RT : Mars has flowing water 
Check this video out - - New evidence of liquid water on Mars . via 
RT : NASA scientists have found evidence of what they believe to be flowing water on Mars - WATCH LIVE 
NASA may have found water on Mars . 
Orbiter spots possible water seepage on surface of Mars 
Mars may have flowing salt water : NASA : 
Nice RT : NASA spacecraft spots evidence for flowing water on Mars : 
NASA may have found water on Mars : 
NASA finds signs of ' flowing water on Mars ' - Americas - Al Jazeera English 
RT : Strongest evidence yet for water on Mars 
RT : Wow ! RT #Mars observations reveal possible flowing water in warmest months on Red Planet 
RT : NASA discovers evidence of flowing water on Mars 
" This is potentially actual water on Mars , in a liquid state — TODAY , not millions of years ago .. " via 
RT : Observations of Mars reveals possible flowing water during the warmest months on the Red Planet 
RT : Observations of Mars reveals possible flowing water during the warmest months on the Red Planet 
RT : Wow ! RT Observations of Mars reveals possible flowing water during the warmest months on the Red Planet ... 
RT NASA finds new evidence of liquid water on Mars 
RT : Scientists may be closer than ever to proving we're not alone in the universe announced signs of water on Mars . ... 
New HD photos may show water on Mars : High definition photos from the Mars reconnaissance orbiter show something ... 
ReddingNewsBlog Nasa reports first evidence of flowing water on Mars - Times of Malta : The HinduNasa reports fir ... 
RT : NASA scientists have found evidence of what they believe to be flowing water on Mars - WATCH LIVE 
Mars may have flowing saltwater , study says #cnn 
Mystery lines on Mars carved by water : The puzzling clusters of dark lines fade in winter and ... #uknews #news #uk 
NASA discovers evidence of flowing water on Mars 
What's that on Mars ? It just might be liquid saltwater 
RT : Strongest evidence yet for water on Mars 
NASA - NASA Spacecraft Data Suggest Water Flowing on Mars 
NASA finds signs of flowing water on Mars 
RT : NASA scientists have found evidence of what they believe to be flowing water on Mars - WATCH LIVE 
RT : NASA finds signs of ' flowing water on Mars ' 
Is Mars Weeping Salty Tears ? - Evidence that there's flowing water on mars NOW 
images show signs of flowing water , an essencial ingredient for life , in Mars , emerging from rocky outcrops 
RT : NASA scientists have found evidence of what they believe to be flowing water on Mars - WATCH LIVE 
Finally the worst happens . FLASH : S & P downgrades U . S . credit rating to AA + with negative outlook 
And WHO is President ? ! RT : Credit rating agency S & P downgrades US debt from AAA , first debt downgrade in US history via 
RT : Credit rating agency S & P downgrades US debt , the first debt downgrade in US history , AP reports ... 
um what ? RT : BREAKING : S & P downgrades U . S . credit rating to AA + with negative outlook ( via ) 
FUCK ! ! ! “ BreakingNews : Credit rating agency S & P downgrades US debt from AAA , first debt downgrade in US history - AP ” 
RT : BREAKING : Credit rating agency S & P downgrades US debt from AAA , first debt downgrade in US history 
RT : Credit rating agency S & P downgrades US debt from AAA , first debt downgrade in US history - AP 
RT : Credit rating agency S & P downgrades US debt from AAA , first debt downgrade in US history - AP 
RT : S & P has downgraded the credit rating of the United States , which for decades has enjoyed AAA status . 
F-O-D-E-U RT U . S . loses AAA credit rating from S & P reut.rs/oaxPky 
RT : RT : Credit rating agency S & P downgrades US debt from AAA , first debt downgrade in US history - AP 
ALERT : S & P has downgraded the U . S . ' credit rating 
RT : FLASH : S & P downgrades U . S . credit rating to AA + with negative outlook 
RT : Credit rating agency S & P downgrades US debt from AAA , first debt downgrade in US history - AP 
RT : Sad ! ! ! RT : #BREAKING : Credit rating agency S & P downgrades US debt from AAA , first debt downgrade in US ... 
RT : BREAKING : Credit rating agency S & P downgrades US debt from AAA , first debt downgrade in US history #breakingnews - RJJ 
RT : S & P has downgraded U . S . credit rating to AA + from top rank of AAA 
RT : #BREAKINGNEWS : Standard & Poor's downgrades U . S . #debt rating from AAA to AA + , the first downgrade in U . S . history . 
* Breaking News * Confirmed : U . S . loses AAA credit rating from S Credit rating falls for the first time in modern ... 
Hey , GOP ! THERE U GO . RT : ( AP ) now also reporting : Credit ratingl agency S & P downgrades US debt ( cont ) 
RT : BREAKING : Credit rating agency S & P downgrades US debt from AAA , first debt downgrade in US history #breakingnews - RJJ 
RT : Reuters is reporting that S & P , despite math error , downgraded U . S . credit rating to AA + . 
RT : Credit rating agency S & P has downgraded U . S . debt from AAA , the first debt downgrade in U . S . history , the Associated Press ... 
RT : #US #AAA #credit rating #downgraded - #usisscrewed 
RT : S & P has downgraded U . S . credit rating to AA + from top rank of AAA 
RT : Credit rating agency S & P downgrades U . S . debt from AAA . It is the first debt downgrade in U . S . history #USdebt 
S & P Cuts U . S . Credit rating to AA + 
RT : S & P has downgraded U . S . credit rating to AA + from top rank of AAA 
CHANGE ! RT : On Obama's watch , U . S . credit has been downgraded for the first time in history . 
RT : BREAKING : Credit rating agency S & P downgrades US debt from AAA , first debt downgrade in US history #breakingnews 
RT : BREAKING : Credit rating agency S & P downgrades US debt from AAA , first debt downgrade in US history #breakingnews - RJJ 
RT : Credit rating agency S & P downgrades US debt from AAA , first debt downgrade in US history - AP 
RT : RT : U . S . loses AAA credit rating from S & P - Yahoo ! News via | | THANKS OB ... 
RT : Credit rating agency S & P downgrades US debt from AAA , first debt downgrade in US history - AP 
RT : S & P has downgraded U . S . credit rating to AA + from top rank of AAA 
RT : Our credit rating was downgraded to AA + by S & P . This is what happens when #Tebow is benched . 
Ouch . ---> RT : S & P has downgraded U . S . credit rating to AA + from top rank of AAA 
RT : BREAKING : S & P downgrades U . S . credit . Cites GOP's refusal to raise taxes . Mexico builds fence to keep Americans out . 
“ : S & P has downgraded U . S . credit rating to AA + from top rank of AAA ” oh shit ? 
Happy now ? RT : ALERT : S & P has downgraded the U . S . ' credit rating 
RT : U . S . loses AAA credit rating from S & P 
RT : Credit rating agency S & P downgrades US debtfrom AAA , first debt downgrade in US history 
RT : Credit rating agency S & P downgrades US debt from AAA , first debt downgrade in US history - AP 
RT : FLASH : S & P downgrades U . S . credit rating to AA + with negative outlook 
Aaaaaand it's about to get crazy . RT U . S . loses AAA credit rating from S & P ( via ) 
RT : S & P has downgraded US Treasury securities from AAA to AA + . S & P bills downgrade as an " unsolicited rating . " 
US AAA credit rating downgraded : Leading credit rating agency Standard & Poor's downgrades Ameri ... ( #sprnch ) 
U . S . loses AAA credit rating from S & P - Yahoo ! News via 
S & O downgrades U . S . Credit rating . 
RT : US credit rating downgraded for first time in history 
Breaking : S & P downgrades U . S . AAA credit rating for first time in history #eek #nobueno 
Breaking-US downgraded to Double A credit rating ! ! #recession #debt 
For all those that said defaulting would have NO Affect " : S & P downgrades US long-term credit rating to ' AA + ' " 
RT : S & P downgrades USA's credit rating with another downgrade possible in the next 12 months . 
Holy crap S & P downgraded US credit rating their reason apparently because of a lack of increased revenue in debt deal 
RT : US government loses triple-A credit rating . STORY : 
RT : RT S & P downgrades U . S . credit rating to AA + 
" : US AAA credit rating downgraded " maybe I should lend them a few Bob ? Anyone wanna chip in ? 
RT : S & P: “ We have lowered our long-term sovereign credit rating on the United States of America to ‘ AA + ’ from ‘ AAA . ’ ” 
Standard and Poor's cuts the US credit rating for the first time from AAA to AA + via 
Even after the debt deal and everything :( RT : Credit rating agency S & P downgrades US debt from AAA , first debt downgrade in US history 
RT : BREAKING : S & P downgrades U . S . credit rating to AA + with negative outlook ( via ) 
RT : Breaking : S & P downgrades US credit First time ever 
Thank you teabaggers , appreciate it ! RT Breaking : S & P downgrades US credit First time ever 
Nice job Republicans . ~ Credit rating agency S & P downgrades US credit . First downgrade in US history . #BreakingNews 
RT : U . S . loses AAA credit rating from S & P: 
US AAA credit rating downgraded to AA + by S & P with a negative outllook , citing concerns about growing budget deficits . 
Seattle ( WA ) Times-Business : S & P downgrades US credit rating from AAA . More #Seattle #news - 
S & P downgrades U . S . credit rating for first time - The Washington Post via 
U . S . loses AAA credit rating from S & P - Yahoo ! News via 
RT : BREAKING NEWS : S & P downgrades U . S . credit rating . 
S & P downgrades US credit rating from AAA - uh oh . 
Thanks AP has reported that credit rating agency S & P has downgraded the U . S . credit rating to AA + , the 1st dngrade in U . S . history . " 
RT : A very sad day . Reuters - U . S . loses AAA credit rating from S & P 
RT : Those jerks we bailed out three years ago just downgraded the US rating from AAA to AA . 
* sigh * daily ' third world ' phenomenon RT : BREAKING NEWS : S & P downgrades U . S . credit rating . 
RT : S & P issues unprecedented downgrade of U . S . credit rating , saying debt package falls short of stabilizing debt : ... 
S & P downgrades U . S . credit rating from AAA via USA TODAY big " O " sock em with a downgrade tax ! 
“ : Standard & Poor ’ s downgraded the sterling U . S . credit rating for the first time in history . ” 
S & P downgrades US credit rating . Now not even US gov can get 0 percent financing on new Nissan ! 
RT : S & P issues unprecedented downgrade of U . S . credit rating , saying debt package falls short of stabilizing debt : ... 
S & P reduces Tripple-A credit rating ! Oh shit , here we go again . 
U . S . loses triple-A credit rating from S & P via 
RT : Those jerks we bailed out three years ago just downgraded the US rating from AAA to AA . 
RT : S & P downgrades U . S . credit rating for the first time in history ... what is your take ? = 
S & P downgrades U . S . credit rating from AAA - USATODAY.com : via 
RT @1180WHAM : Standard and Poor's downgrades U . S . credit rating . 
RT : Breaking news : Credit rating agency S & P downgrades US debt from AAA , first debt downgrade in US history ! ... 
RT : S & P has downgraded U . S . credit rating to AA + from top rank of AAA First time in US history 
S & P downgrades U . S . credit rating for first time - The Washington Post via 
RT : RT : S & P issues unprecedented downgrade of U . S . credit rating , saying debt package falls short of stabilizing debt : ht ... 
This is really bad . RT : S & P has downgraded U . S . credit rating to AA + from top rank of AAA 
Inevitable RT : RT : RT : A very sad day . Reuters - U . S . loses AAA credit rating from S & P 
S & P downgrades US credit rating . Great job Mr . President and Congress . Happy now ? We're not , we the middle class . 
RT : S & P downgrade of US rating.That ' s not good . 
RT : United States loses AAA credit rating from S & P - 
S & P downgrades US credit rating from AAA - Yahoo ! Finance via oowwwww ! 
The same corrupt organizations that artificially inflated shitty loan ratings have downgraded the US rating . And they have credibility , why ? 
RT : BREAKING NEWS : S & P downgrades U . S . credit rating . 
RT : S & P has downgraded U . S . credit rating to AA + from top rank of AAA 
US government loses triple-A credit rating - Stocks & economy via 
RT : United States loses AAA credit rating from S & P 
US credit rated downgraded ... markets gonna collapse Monday ! ! ! 
RT : Holy shit , S & P downgrades US credit rating ! 
Standard & Poors has downgraded the US credit rating . Just what the GOP was hoping for . They're going all in for 2012 . 
RT : S & P has downgraded U . S . credit rating to AA + from top rank of AAA / / shoot ... 
The Tea Party pushed gov . to make bigger cuts . United States loses AAA credit rating from S & P | Reuters via 
Amazing breaking news that US credit rating has been downgraded 
Hmmm I wonder what this will mean for the rest of us ... RT USA credit rating downgraded 
Not good ! ! ! " : S & P has downgraded U . S . credit rating to AA + from top rank of AAA " 
RT : U . S . loses AAA credit rating from S & P | Reuters [ politics ] 345 points , submitted by skrepetski [ reuters.com ] ... 
RT : S & P downgrades U . S . credit for first time in history , repeatedly cites GOP intransigence on taxes 
S & P downgrades US credit rating to AA + - The Hill's On The Money : via 
RT : S & P issues unprecedented downgrade of U . S . credit rating , saying debt package falls short of stabilizing debt : ... 
RT : BREAKING NEWS : S & P downgrades U . S . credit rating . 
United States loses AAA credit rating from S & P: NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - The United States lost its top-notch AAA c ... 
US credit rating cut one notch : The United States ' credit rating has been cut for the first time with S & P loweri ... 
Dear Dirty America : America's Credit Rating Downgraded to AA + 
RT : Some are * way * ahead of you , right ? MT : US downgraded fr AAA credit to AA - enough to drive a p ... 
Reddit • U . S . loses AAA credit rating from S & P | Reuters 
RT RT : Credit rating agency S & P downgrades US debtfrom AAA , first debt downgrade in US history 
DTN UK : US stripped of AAA credit rating by S & P as agency blames political weakness : The US government's credit ... 
Is the collapse coming soon ? ? S & P downgrades U . S . credit rating – This Just In - CNN.com Blogs via 
RT : Those jerks we bailed out three years ago just downgraded the US rating from AAA to AA . 
RT : S & P issues unprecedented downgrade of U . S . credit rating , saying debt package falls short of stabilizing debt : ... 
bc republicans refused to raise taxes S & P downgraded the US govt credit rating 
RT : FLASH : S & P downgrades U . S . credit rating to AA + with negative outlook 
RT : Goodbye , top-notch credit rating . S & P cut the U . S . credit rating from AAA to AA + : 
S & P downgrades U . S . credit rating for first time - The Washington Post 
Time to throw out #Obama and the other bums and enact term limits - - # S & P downgrades US #credit rating to AA . 
RT : Repeatedly citing GOP intransigence on taxes , S & P downgrades U . S . credit : #p2 
RT : Credit rating agency ' Standard & Poor ' has downgraded the U . S ' credit rating . 
S & P Downgrades U . S . Credit Rating From AAA - FoxNews.com via 
Look At this ! United States loses AAA credit rating from S & P 
RT : RT : Standard & Poor ’ s Downgrades U . S . Credit Rating for First Time in History vi ... 
RT : US stripped of AAA credit rating by S & P as agency blames political weakness 
S & P downgrades U . S . credit rating : Credit rating agency Standard & Poor's on Friday downgraded the credit rating ... 
RT : U . S . credit got downgraded . Guess we're like the Associate Producer of superpowers now . 
RT : United States loses AAA credit rating from S & P 
( Utica OD ) S & P downgrades United States ' credit rating : Credit rating agency Standard & Poor's on Friday downg ... 
RT : S & P downgrades United States credit rating via iPhone app 
S & P Downgrades U . S . Credit Rating From AAA - FoxNews.com via Schumer how about another debt increase 
[ Age ] US has its credit rating cut : The United States ' credit rating was cut for the first time when Standard an ... 
US stripped of AAA credit rating by S & P , agency blames political weakness #AAA #US #credit #debt #crisis #gtc2 
RT : S & P announces downgrade of US rating anyway . Boehner has gotten his last 2 % . #p2 #topprog 
United States loses AAA credit rating from S & P | Reuters - 
United States loses AAA credit rating from S & P 
RT : S & P has downgraded U . S . credit rating to AA + from top rank of AAA 
RT : BREAKING : Credit rating agency S & P downgrades US debt from AAA , first debt downgrade in US history #breakingnews - RJJ 
RT : FLASH : S & P downgrades U . S . credit rating to AA + with negative outlook 
RT : S & P downgrades United States credit rating : 
RT : Credit rating agency S & P downgrades US debt from AAA , first debt downgrade in US history - AP 
RT : The United States has had its credit rating cut for the first time . via 
Agency downgrades U . S . credit rating : The Standard & Poor's rating agency announced Friday that it has downgrade ... 
US AAA credit rating downgraded : Leading credit rating agency Standard & Poor's downgrades America's top-notch A ... 
RT : More details : S & P downgrades U . S . credit rating ; stripping the world's largest economy of its prized AAA status 
The U . S . AAA credit rating just got taken away . What ... the ... HELL , D . C . politicians ? ! Get your crap together ! 
RT : More details : S & P downgrades U . S . credit rating ; stripping the world's largest economy of its prized AAA status . ... 
RT : S & P has downgraded U . S . credit rating to AA + from top rank of AAA 
America's credit score got downgraded today , now the institutions we've bailed out can bend us over again 
RT : RT : A very sad day . Reuters - U . S . loses AAA credit rating from S & P 
" : S & P has downgraded U . S . credit rating to AA + from top rank of AAA <-- la caida de un imperio ? Eso parece ! 
RT : S & P has downgraded U . S . credit rating to AA + from top rank of AAA 
RT : Credit ratings agency Standard and Poor's downgrade US from AAA to AA + 
US loses AAA rating for first time \ n ( AFP ) \ n : AFP - Standard & Poor's has cut the US credit rating for the ... 
S & P downgrades U . S . credit rating via 
S & P downgrades US credit rating from AAA - Yahoo ! Finance via , this is a complete embarassment . #pride 
RT : Standard & Poor just downgraded US credit to BAAAAAAAAAD.Will it convince spenders irresponsible debt is dumb ? Unlikely . 
S & P downgrades U . S . credit rating < this is how it begins , soon we'll be in the streets fighting for rats #america 
RT : S & P has downgraded U . S . credit rating to AA + from top rank of AAA < < < SO we went from insurance to Batteries o_O lol 
Standard & Poors have just down graded the US credit rating from AAA to AA + that will not bode well with the World Markets . 
S & P Downgrades U . S . Credit Rating From AAA - FoxNews.com via 
You say raise revenue , I say cut spending " : S & P downgrades US credit rating " 
S & P downgrades US credit rating . Well , Obama promised " change " , didn't he ? You thought it would be GOOD change ? ? ? Silly you ! ! ! Fire him ! 
S & P downgrades U . S . credit rating via 
Surprise ! RT BREAKING NEWS : S & P downgrades U . S . credit rating . 
RT RT : U . S . loses AAA credit rating from S & P / / It's about time - WAY past due . / / Hmmmmmm 
RT : Get ready 4 tea party's double dip recession RT : S & P downgrades U . S . credit ; strips USA of prized AAA status . : ... 
RT : Credit rating agency S & P downgrades US debtfrom AAA , first debt downgrade in US history 
S & P downgrades U . S . credit rating ( from ) 
RT : Credit rating agency S & P downgrades US debtfrom AAA , first debt downgrade in US history 
RT @100prayingwomen : Continue to #PRAY4 our #Nation - USA downgraded from AAA rating . 
RT : The S & P has downgraded the US credit rating 4 1st time . ths is exactly y I held out 4 large … ( cont ) 
S & P downgrades US credit rating from AAA - Yahoo ! Finance via 
Standard & Poor's downgrades US credit rating for the first time in its history : 
RT : S & P downgrades US credit rating ; debt deal " falls short " of S & P expectations 
S & P downgrades US credit rating via 
RT : US government loses triple-A credit rating , downgraded to AA + . STORY : via 
S & P downgrades U . S . credit rating #cnn 
blame #GOP “ : More details : S & P downgrades U . S . credit rating ; stripping the world's largest economy of AAA status . ” 
US credit ratings cut to AA 
RT : They did it anyway : S & P downgrades U . S . credit rating #whenbankersattack 
United States loses AAA credit rating from S & P - 
RT : S & P downgrades US credit rating : Given its track record , this must mean the credit is about to improve dramatically . ... 
S & P removed for the first time the triple-A rating the U . S . has held for 70 years , saying the budget deal ... 
S & P downgrades U . S . credit rating : Financial anxiety gripped the globe Friday , as stock markets worldwide saw st ... 
S & P cuts US rating from AAA to AA + .. 1st time loses top notch rating . Global markets gonna go pear shape real soon real bad ... 
#Problems #Problems #Problems US credit rating downgraded to AA + by Standard & Poor's via 
S & P downgraded the US credit rating layoffs are a coming . Does anybody have the number for #Truckmasters . 
U . S . credit rating cut to AA + - St . Petersburg Times 
FEDUPdate : S & P downgrades US credit rating from AAA 
US stripped of AAA credit rating by S & P as agency blames political weakness 
#US looses triple A credit rating . #Congress could have avoided this by realising detailed tax increases and serious cuts were needed . 
RT : # S & P lowers US credit score . shld a comp who mis-valued mortgage securities allegedly on purpose to help banks be able t ... 
RT : United States loses AAA credit rating from S & P 
This seems like a big deal ... S & P downgrades U . S . credit rating from AAA 
RT : America's credit rating downgraded thanks to debt ceiling fight . Thanks #Teaparty , you've saved us all . Who will save us ... 
RT : More details : S & P downgrades U . S . credit rating ; stripping the world's largest economy of its prized AAA status . ... 
U . S . loses AAA credit rating , unemployment stays flat - ContraCostaTimes.com 
S & P downgrades US credit rating to AA + . This is a disaster and completely due to nonsensical partisan bickering . 
After 70years US gets it's S & P credit rating downgraded.Entering uncharted territory ... 
RT : The US has lost our triple AAA credit rating . Another blow to our weak economy . Maybe the motivation to get our financ ... 
RT : S & P downgrades US credit , explaining : " Republicans in Congress continue to resist any measure that would raise revenue ... 
RT : S & P downgrades U . S . credit rating from AAA 
S & P downgrades US credit rating for the first time in its history ( NDTV News ): Share With Friends : | | Top ... 
US loses top credit rating for first time - Standard & Poor's has cut the US credit rating for the first time in hist ... 
U . S . credit rating is no longer AAA : Standard & Poor ’ s removed the U . S . government from its list of risk-free ... 
S & P Downgrades U . S . Credit Rating : Credit rating agency Standard & Poor's on Friday downgraded the nation's rati ... 
Standard And Poor : Standard Poor's just downgraded America's credit rating . This sounds portentious world-historical 
RT : Those jerks we bailed out three years ago just downgraded the US rating from AAA to AA . 
Memorable day today : US credit rating downgraded ... Wow ! Was about time . Karma's a b * tch ... 
Well , FRAK . Way to go , Congress ... first time in history our credit rating has dropped from AAA to AA . Are you proud of yourselves ? ! ? 
US loses AAA credit rating for first time - - #debt #Barack_Obama 
RT : More details : S & P downgrades U . S . credit rating ; stripping the world's largest economy of its prized AAA status . ... 
US stripped of AAA credit rating : The United States has lost its top-notch AAA credit rating from Standard & Poo ... 
RT : RT : S & P downgrades US credit rating . Bit rich . S & P didn't see financial ... 
VIDEO : What is next for the US economy ? : Leading credit rating agency Standard & Poor's downgrades America's top ... 
S & P downgrades U . S . credit rating : Credit rating agency Standard & Poor's on Friday downgraded the credit rating ... 
Debt deal ' falls short ' : S & P downgrades US credit rating - The Hill's On The Money : via | | game playing BAD 
NEW YORK / ROME ( Reuters ) - The United States lost its top-tier AAA credit rating from Standard & Poor's on Friday ... 
AP : US loses AAA credit rating from S & P 
United States late Friday lost its triple-A debt rating from Standard & Poor ’ s for the first time in history . 
S & P downgrades the US credit rating from AAA to AA + ... what repercussion , if any , to the White House ? Whose to blame ? 
RT : Credit rating agency S & P downgrades US debt from AAA , first debt downgrade in US history - AP 
So d U . S credit rating has been reduced from triple A to double A + . Its by monday we will get d real impact of their outrageous loan bill . 
S & ampP downgrades US credit ratin - Los Angeles Times #level #StandardPoor #TimesSquare #TrillionError 
BBC News - US loses AAA credit rating after S & P downgrade 
US loses AAA credit rating from S & P \ n ( AP ) \ n : AP - The lowering of America's sterling credit rating was the ... 
S & P downgrades U . S . credit rating from AAA : The United States has lost its sterling credit rating . Credit rating ... bit.ly/noKJwX 
Energy News U . S . credit rating cut by Standard and Poor's ( bizjournals ): Share With Friends : | | Industry ... 
For the first time ever , America has been stripped of it's triple A credit rating . 
Chicago ( IL ) Tribune-Business : S & P downgrades U . S . credit rating . More #Chicago #news - 
RT : US government loses triple-A credit rating : The United States lost its top-notch AAA cre ... ... 
RT " : S & P lowrs US credit score.shld comp who mis-valud mortg . securities allgdly on purpose 2 help banks b able 2 make this call ? " 
RT : Reuters : SP have downgraded America's AAA credit rating to AA + 
U . S . AAA credit rating downgraded 
S & P downgrades US credit rating from AAA - Yahoo ! Finance #politics #news 
Rating agency Standard & Poor's says it has downgraded the U . S . credit rating to AA + from its top rank of AAA 
S & P downgrades U . S . credit rating | The Daily Caller : Afters days of rumors , the rating agency moves to downgrad ... 
US is stripped of its AAA credit rating for the first time - Telegraph 
RT : America's AAA credit rating downgraded : #c4news 
US loses AAA credit rating for the first time in history . 
RT : BREAKING : Standard & Poor's downgrades U . S . credit rating from AAA 
RT : Standard & Poors downgrades the US ' triple AAA credit rating . #Beginningoftheend or just #newBeginning 
S & ampP Cuts US Ratin 2 AA + From AAA Outlook Negative - RTT News #AA #AAA #creditrating #StandardPoor 
United States takes a plunge in S & P ratings , ranked AA 
Big news : United States loses prized AAA credit rating - 
United States loses prized AAA credit rating from S & P 
RT : Credit rating agency S & P downgrades US debtfrom AAA , first debt downgrade in US history 
RT : One has had America's credit rating downgraded to AA and Italy's to C - 
Ouch . RT S & P downgrades U . S . credit rating via 
RT : TOP STORY : US stripped of AAA credit rating by S & P as agency blames political weakness 
S & P drops U . S . credit rating 
WASHINGTON ( AP ) — Credit rating agency S & P downgrades US debt from AAA , first debt downgrade in US history 
S & P downgrades U . S . credit rating #cnn how long will americian people let congress look as bad as them crazy 
RT : United States loses AAA credit-rating for first time in history 
Wow , USA credit rating downgraded , not good news ! 
RT : US economy suffers a big blow , ' AAA ' credit rating downgraded 
Standard & Poor ’ s Downgrades U . S . Credit Rating for First Time in History via 
S & P cuts US debt rating to double A plus - difficult to predict full impact but can only be negative - avoid equities - 
S & P downgrades U . S . credit rating 
America looses its AAA for the first time ever 
HOPE & CHANGE INDEX : U . S . Loses AAA Credit Rating via 
Oh c'mon your majesty ! ! ! RT : One has had America's credit rating downgraded to AA and Italy's to C - 
RT : S & P downgrades US credit rating : WASHINGTON ( AP ) — Republicans and Democrats quickly doled out blame to each ot ... htt ... 
US credit rating downgraded to AA + : America's credit rating was downgraded by Standard & Poor's Friday , taking t ... 
RT : U . S . loses AAA credit rating from S & P 
RT : United States loses AAA credit-rating for first time in history 
U . S . Loses AAA Credit Rating From S & P - FoxNews.com via 
S & P downgrades U . S . credit rating 
Riot in tottenham ? ? ? Wow they really going in for the killing of that yute aren't dey 
RT : #Riot taking place right now outside Tottenham cop shop about the guy killed by the pigs this week | 200 riot cops deployed ... 
200 riot cops deployed in ' #Tottenham , two cars on fire followng the police shooting of a minicab passenger earlier in the week 
Twitter is 1st for news , forget the press . Tottenham #riot Police cars burning . Picture : 
RT : Reading news of riots in Tottenham on my timeline . Apparently police stn petrol bombed . Follow and ... 
bbc and sky news reporting riot in tottenham 
RT : Many tweets about a riot @ Tottenham police station after Thursday shooting . 3 police cars now apparently on fire : ... 
RT : According to reports , riot police have been called to Tottenham after demonstration at Thursday's fatal shooting of ... 
RT : Police cars set on fire in Tottenham , north London , after riots connected to the shooting of a young man by police on Thur ... 
Riots in Tottenham ? Wow ! “ : Crazy riots going on in tottenham . Wow ! ” 
RT : #tottenham riot kicking offpolice car burning 
RT : Police cars set on fire in Tottenham , north London , after riots connected to the shooting of a young man by police on Thur ... 
RT : Police cars set on fire in Tottenham , north London , after riots connected to the shooting of a young man by police on Thur ... 
5Live reporter on the scene : " sizable crowd of a couple of hundred onlookers , rioting happening to the North of police station " #Tottenham 
Crazy protest / riot scenes right now in Tottenham after man shot by police on Thursday ... 
RT : #Tottenham in flames as protesters riot via 
RT : Police cars set on fire in Tottenham , north London , after riots connected to the shooting of a young man by police on Thur ... 
OMG just turned on news and seeing riots in tottenham . Not good ! Scary times :( 
RT : Police cars set on fire in Tottenham , north London , after riots connected to the shooting of a young man by police on Thur ... 
I hear #tottenham is chaotic after a police shooting . Rioting everywhere ! 
RT : Six fire engines have arrived in #Tottenham as rioters hurl petrol bombs and loot local businesses #Riot 
RT : Tottenham , north London - big riots tonight ; like ' 80s . RT : bus on fire #tottenham ... 
RT : Tottenham riots : Double decker bus set ablaze as mob violence hits London 
RT : A 26 - year-old man shot in a car during riots in Croydon last night has died in hospital #londonriots 
RT : A 26 - year-old man shot in a car during riots in Croydon last night has died in hospital #londonriots 
A 26 - year-old man shot in a car during riots in Croydon last night has died in hospital , Scotland Yard has said . #LondonRiots 
PA : A 26 - year-old man shot in a car during riots in Croydon last night has died inhospital , Scotland Yard said today . #LondonRiots Sad news 
latest is that man shot in croydon last night has died #londonriots 
RT : Someone had been shot in a car last night in croydon , and died in hospital ! thats defo gunna cause more rioting ! 
RT : Sky news report the man who was found shot in croyden has died . #londonriots 
RT : A 26 - year-old man shot in a car during riots in Croydon last night has died in hospital #londonriots 
RT A 26 - year-old man shot in a car during riots in Croydon last night has died in hospital ( source Scotland Yard ) #LondonRiots 
RT : A 26 - year-old man shot in a car during riots in Croydon last night has died in hospital #londonriots 
Just heard on that the man shot in Croydon last night has died . Enough is enough . #londonriots 
RT : The 26 - year-old man who was shot during riots in Croydon last night has died in hospital , police have said . 
“ : 26 - year-old man shot in car in Croydon last night has died in hospital ” The first fatality because of these riots . 
RT : 26 - year-old man shot in a car during #riots in Croydon last night has died in hospital , Scotland Yard says ... 
RT : 26 - year-old man shot in a car during #riots in Croydon last night died in hospital , Scotland Yard : 
RT : 26 - year-old man shot in a car during #riots in Croydon last night has died in hospital , Scotland Yard says ... 
RT : 26 - year-old man shot in a car during #riots in Croydon last night has died in hospital , Scotland Yard says ... 
RT : A 26 - year-old man shot in a car during riots in Croydon last night has died in hospital #londonriots 
RT : RT : A 26 - yr old man shot in a car durin riots in Croydon last night has died in hospital , Scotland Yard h ... 
The first fatality of the #londonriots has just been confirmed . Man shot as he hid in his car in croydon #sick 
26year old man shot in croydon has died R . I . P 
RT : A 26 - year-old man shot in a car during riots in Croydon last night has died in hospital #londonriots 
RT : RT 26yr - old man shot in car during #riots in Croydon last night died in hospital , Scotland Yard says ... 
RT : A 26 - year-old man shot in a car during riots in Croydon last night has died in hospital #londonriots 
RT : 26 - year-old man shot in a car during #riots in Croydon last night has died in hospital , Scotland Yard says ... 
RT : First death of the riots announced . Man shot in Croydon last night during disturbances has died in hospital Scotland Yar ... 
RT : #londonriots A 26 - year-old man shot in a car during riots in Croydon last night has died in hospital . 
RT : 26 - year-old man shot in a car during #riots in Croydon last night has died in hospital , Scotland Yard says ... 
RT : 26 - year-old man shot in a car during #riots in Croydon last night has died in hospital , Scotland Yard says ... 
Fuck sake . Bunch of pricks . RT : 26 - year-old man shot in a car during #riots in Croydon last night has died in hospital . 
RT : Police confirm 26 - yr-old man shot during riots in Croydon last night has died in hospital #londonriots 
The man shot in croydon died RIP , knew this would happen :( 
RT : 26 - year-old man shot in a car during #riots in Croydon last night has died in hospital , Scotland Yard says ... 
RT : The riots have their first fatality - the man who was shot last night in Croydon has died . 
26 year old man who was shot in Croydon last night died in hospital today . Now it gets sour . #londonriots 
RT : A 26 - year-old man who was shot in Croydon last night has died in hospital , Scotland Yard has said #londonriots 
RT : 26 - year-old man shot in a car during #riots in Croydon last night has died in hospital , Scotland Yard says ... 
AWFULNESS ! RT : The riots have their first fatality - the man who was shot last night in Croydon has died . 
RT : A 26 year old man who was shot in a car during riots yesterday in south London's Croydon district died in the hospital ... 
RT A 26 year old man died from gunshot wounds in Croydon after last night's disturbance < <- Well it's a start I suppose #londonriots 
RT : A 26 - year-old man shot in a car during riots in Croydon last night has died in hospital #londonriots 
RT : first fatality reported on BBC news : 29 year old from Croydon , shot in car last night #londonriot 
RT : #londonriots man shot in croydon has died 
RT : #londonriots man shot in croydon has died 
RT : 26 - year-old man shot in a car during #riots in Croydon last night has died in hospital , Scotland Yard says ... 
Can't believe the bloke that was shot In Croydon last night died , croydon is becoming a war zone ! Sometimes I hate living here .. 
RT : #londonriots A 26 - year-old man shot in a car during riots in Croydon last night has died in hospital . 
An innocent man died after being shot in Croyden during the riots , rest in peace dude . 
RT : UK : 26 - year-old shot in car becomes first riot fatality : No further details immediately available ; Cameron deplo ...  ... 
RT : Man shot during Croydon riot dies ( BBC ): Share With Friends : | | Local news - London News , RSS and RSS Fee ... ... 
CNA - Man dies after being shot in car during London riots : LONDON : A man who was shot in a car during riots in ... 
RT : 26 - year-old man shot in a car during #riots in Croydon last night has died in hospital , Scotland Yard says ... 
RT : 26 - year-old man shot in a car during #riots in Croydon last night has died in hospital , Scotland Yard says ... 
London riots claim first fatality as shot man dies 
RT : 26 - year-old man shot in a car during #riots in Croydon last night has died in hospital , Scotland Yard says ... 
First casualty of London riots : Man shot in car dies , says report 
yes " : 26 - year-old man shot in a car during riots in Croydon last night has died in hospital " 
A guy that was shot in the riots last night has died , if the people rioting had any respect / sense they would just stop now 
RT : 26 - year-old man shot in a car during #riots in Croydon last night has died in hospital , Scotland Yard says ... 
A 26 year old man was shot last night during the riots in croydon . 
Shot man dies after riot on Croydon 
RT : Man in Croydon found shot dead ... This time not by police . Be hard for any rioters to justify that one 
oh shit the guy shot in croydon has died r . i . p 
RT : 26 - year-old man shot in a car during #riots in Croydon last night has died in hospital , Scotland Yard says ... 
RT : #londonriots : man dies from gunshot wound 
RT : 26 - year-old man shot in a car during #riots in Croydon last night has died in hospital , Scotland Yard says ... 
RT : Gunshot victim found after rioting in Croydon , south London , has died , police say . 
a man who was shot in croydon yesterday is dead 
RT : Gunshot victim found after rioting in Croydon , south London , has died , police say . 
someone got shoot last night in croydon at the riot and died today 
RT : 26 - year-old man shot in a car during #riots in Croydon last night has died in hospital , Scotland Yard says ... 
RT : The riots claimed their first life . A 26 year old man was shot in Croydon in his car , and he later died in hospital . #RIP 
3 muslim men died after rioters drove over them as they we're protecting their communities .. Tragic loss .. May ther find a place in jannah x 
RT : R . i . p to the 3 muslim brothers who passed away in birmingham ! ! ! 
RT : RT : Third man dies after car hits people thought to have been guarding area of Birmingham , UK , amid riots htt ... 
RT : Third man dies after car hits people thought to have been guarding area of Birmingham , UK , amid riots - BBC ... 
RT : Third man dies after car hits people thought to have been guarding area of Birmingham , UK , amid riots - BBC ... 
Unfortunately in Birmingham it looks like 3 people were killed trying to protect their communities #birminghamriots #ukriots 
RIP to the guys that lost their lives last night #birminghamriots 
RT : Waking up to 3 dead in birmingham and more looting all over the country . Someone give the green light to shoot these pe ... 
RT : Wake up to hear that 3 Muslim brother have been killed in Birmingham for no reason what so ever ! It's jus beyond words ... 
RT : Murder inquiry over 2 deaths in #Birmingham UK - BBC . Sangat TV named them as one Shahzad Hussain & brother ... 
R . I . P shahzad & Harry hussain two people who was killed in the riots last night in birmingham ! 
3 ppl died ystrdy in th riots in birmingham afta being run over by car fr protecting their own business afta finishing praying at th Mosque 
RT : ( News ) Three Pakistanis killed by car during riots in #Birmingham #UK #Pakistan #londonriots 
RT Richard Mannington Bowes 68 , who was set upon as he tried to stamp out a fire during riots in Ealing , west London , has died 
RT : Richard Mannington Bowes had died in hospital after trying to put out a fire rioters started on monday . Confirmed b ... 
RT : Richard Mannington Bowes , 68 , who was set upon as he tried to stamp out a fire during riots in Ealing , west London , ha ... 
Twats ! -> Richard Mannington Bowes , 68 , who was set upon as he tried to stamp out a fire during riots in Ealing , west London , has died ” 
RT : very depressing . richard mannington bowes - the man beaten up in Ealing - has died . 
Very sad . Rest in peace . RT : very depressing . richard mannington bowes - the man beaten up in Ealing - has died . 
RT : Richard Mannington Bowes , 68 , who was set upon as he tried to stamp out a fire during riots in Ealing , west London , ha ... 
Man attacked in Ealing riot dies 
RT : Man attacked in Ealing riot dies 
DTN World News : Man attacked in Ealing riot dies : A 68 - year-old man who was critically injured as he tried to st ... 
Man attacked in Ealing riot dies : A 68 - year-old man who was critically injured as he tried to stop looting by ri ... 
For what ? Fuck all . #StopTheRiots RT : : Man attacked in Ealing riot dies 
RT : Richard Mannington Bowes , 68 , who was set upon as he tried to stamp out a fire during riots in Ealing , west London , ha ... 
RT : Man attacked in Ealing riot dies 
Man attacked in Ealing riot dies - picture of suspect on link so RT please :/ / www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-england-london-14500869 
RT : Man attacked in Ealing riot dies 
RT : Waking up to sad news this morning : the man attacked in Ealing has died . I'm in Westminster discussing Cameron's respons ... 
Sad to hear about the death of Richard Bowes due to a beating from rioters ... So needless 
Man attacked in Ealing riots dies our thoughts and prayers go out to this brave mans family #ukriots 
RT Richard Mannington Bowes , 68 , who was set upon as he tried to stamp out a fire during riots in Ealing , west London has died 
“ : Man attacked in Ealing riot dies ” < < those rats are murderers 
#AutoFollowBack London riots : Ealing have-a-go-hero dies after yob attack : The hero who confront ... #TeamFollowBack 
68 - yr-old Richard Mannington Bowes , who was critically injured after being assaulted by rioters in Ealing , dies . 
Man attacked in Ealing riot dies : A 68 - year-old man critically injured as he tried to put out a fire lit by rioters in west London di ... 
So very sad the man from Ealing who was beaten up whilst stamping out a fire has now died ... 
Man attacked in Ealing riot dies : A 68 - year-old man critically injured as he tried to put out a fire lit by riot ... 
RIP Richard Mannington Bowes . So sad . #londonriots #ealing 
RT : Detectives launch murder investigation . Richard Mannington Bowes , 68 , died just b4 midnight . Attacked in Ealing on Monda ... 
RT : A man attacked by rioters when he attempted to stamp out fires in Ealing , west London , dies in hospital ... 
RT : Google to acquire Motorola Mobility : 
Breaking : Google Buys Motorola For $ 12.5 Billion via 
Breaking : Google Buys Motorola For $ 12.5 Billion 
RT : Google to Acquire Motorola's handset business for $ 12.5 Billion by on 
RT : Google to acquire Motorola Mobility : 
Breaking : Google Buys Motorola For $ 12.5 Billion via 
#Google is buying #MotorolaMobility handset business for $ 12.5 bn ! Huge news ! ! #newsincommute #android 
Coming soon : android flip phones RT : BREAKING : Google Buying Motorola Mobility For $ 12.5 Billion tip 
Que que ? ? ! " : Breaking : Google Buys Motorola For $ 12.5 Billion " #esanolavivenir al menos no pense en moto 
wow ! Google buys Motorola smartphone & tablet business for £ 7.67 bn 
Curious as to IP included in this … RT Google to acquire wireless phone maker Motorola Mobility for $ 12.5 billion - AP 
RT : Google to acquire Motorola Mobility : 
RT : : Google to acquire Motorola Mobility : 
WOW - google acquires motorola mobility for $ 12.5 BN - 
Google Buys Motorola For $ 12.5 Billion Expected , right ? Google has hardware & less patent worries all at once 
RT : Google to acquire Motorola Mobility : 
Google to Acquire Motorola ’ s handset business for $ 12.5 Billion - TNW Google 
This is HUGE ! " Breaking : Google Buys ‘ Android Partner ’ Motorola For $ 12.5 Billion via " 
Quite the acquisition - Google has bought Motorola Mobility for $ 12.5 bn 
Google's Motorola deal should give Android the leverage it needs against patent trolls like Microsoft & Apple 
RT : Google to acquire Motorola Mobility : 
RT : Google to Acquire Motorola's handset business for $ 12.5 Billion by on 
RT : Google acquire Motorola Mobility . - exo 
OK , this is HUGE - Google buys Motorola ’ s handset business $ 12.5 Billion via 
Google is buying motorola mobile . Still not gonna be better than apple #teamIphone 
RT : Google acquiring Motorola Mobility 
Google acquiring Motorola Mobility . One wonders how many patents Motorola owns that Google wants … 
Wow - Google to acquire Motorola Mobility for £ 7.5 BILLION #android #motorola #google 
RT : this is HUGE ! Google buys Motorola's mobile phones business for $ 12.5 bn 
RT : Breaking : Google Buys Motorola For $ 12.5 Billion by 
RT : Google to acquire Motorola Mobility : suck on that Jobs 
Google is buying Motorola Mobility . Big news for #android . 
RT Google to acquire Motorola Mobility : » » 
RT : Google Buys :/ / t.co/CnIm5Hl 
Google buying motorola mobility . Interesting development . Any takers for RIMM ? ? 
RT : Google to acquire Motorola Mobility : 
RT : Google to acquire Motorola Mobility : 
Interesting RT : Google to acquire Motorola Mobility : goo.gl/7P9Y0 
Wow ! " : Google ( $ GOOG ) to acquire Motorola Mobility ( $ MMI ) for $ 40 / share . " 
Breaking new ... Google Buys Motorola For $ 12.5 Billion , Says “ Android Will Stay Open ” ---> 
RT : Google to acquire Motorola Mobility : 
whoa ! “ : Google to acquire mobile phone maker Motorola Mobility for $ 12.5 billion . ” 
RT : RT : Google buys Motorola . This Apple vs . Google battle is going to be great . 
RT : DealBook : Google to Buy Motorola Mobility for $ 12.5 Billion 
Google Buys Motorola For $ 12.5 Billion , Says “ Android Will Stay Open ” via 
RT : Bold move as Google Buys Motorola for $ 12.5 Billion , and paid cash #google #motorola 
Official Google Blog : Supercharging Android : Google to Acquire Motorola ... 
« Google to acquire Motorola Mobility : » Google ซ ื ้ อ Motorola ! ! ! #fb 
RT : Google to acquire Motorola Mobility : 
RT : Google to acquire Motorola Mobility : 
RT : Google to acquire Motorola Mobility : 
RT : Google to acquire mobile phone maker Motorola Mobility for $ 12.5 billion . 
RT : Google to acquire Motorola Mobility : 
What do you make of this then ? Google just bought Mototrola for $ 12.5 Billion . An intriguing sidestep . via 
Google to buy Motorola Mobility for $ 12.5 billion 
#google buys motorola for $ 12.5 b - big hardware invest . Expect : cloudphone , seamless social merge with IPTV . BIG step for Google wallet / ID 
RT : Google to acquire Motorola Mobility : 
RT : Google to acquire Motorola Mobility for $ 12.5 billion 
BREAKING : Google Buys Motorola for $ 12.5 Billion via 
RT : TOP STORIES : Google Agrees to Acquisition of Motorola Mobility for About $ 12.5 Billion . ( Bloomberg ) Story : ... 
BOMBSHELL : Google Buying Handset Maker Motorola Mobility For $ 12.5 Billion via 
Google buys Motorola for $ 12.5 b to fend off patent attacks 
Google Buys Motorola For $ 12.5 Billion , Says “ Android Will Stay Open ” via 
Well , how about that ... Google buys Motorola . I suspect this helps hardware / software synergy and patent hoarding 
Google acquired motorola ? Wat the hell are they going to do with it ? 
With the Google announcement that it intends to buy Motorola Mobility , the Microsoft vs . Motorola patent battle ... 
wow google bought motorola 
RT : Google is buying Motorola Mobility , the maker of many of its Android phones , for $ 12.5 billion : - EC 
Google ( $ GOOG ) buys Motorola ( $ MMI ) For $ 12.5 Bn . Quite expensive for a patent driven acquisition . RIM , 13Bn , looked like a better deal 
Official Google Blog : Supercharging Android : Google to Acquire Motorola ... 
RT : So Google buys motorola , crazy 
RT : Google to acquire Motorola Mobility : 
RT : Google to acquire Motorola Mobility : 
RT : Google Buying Motorola Mobility For $ 12.5 Billion 
Google buys Motorola ! 
RT : So Google buys Motorola.Now the Motorola Tagline will be " Hallo iDIOTS " 
Google Buys Motorola For $ 12.5 Billion , Says “ Android Will Stay Open ” via 
Hello Moto ! Google to buy Motorola Mobility for $ 12.5 billion | Crain's Chicago Business 
Google buys motorola mobility ! 
RT : Google just announced that it's buying Motorola and directly entering the handset market . Wow . 
to Acquire Motorola for $ 12.5 B to supercharge Android & increase competition by beefing up patent portfolio : 
Whoa , Google just bought Motorola's handset division . That's massive . 
RT : Whoa ! Google acquires Motorola Mobility for $ 12.5 Billion - 
Google Buys Motorola for $ 12.5 Billion 
RT : Breaking News : Google to Buy Motorola Mobility for $ 12.5 Billion #android 
BREAKING NEWS ! : Google Buys Motorola for $ 12.5 Billion 
Google To Buy Motorola Mobility For $ 12.5 Billion 
RT : Google to buy Motorola Mobility for $ 12.5 billion : / / Hopen op eindelijk ECHTE google phones 
Holy Buyout Batman ! Google Acquires Motorola Mobility : The Enterprise Mobility Perspective via 
iPhone Hacks - Breaking News : Google To Buy Motorola For $ 12.5 Billion 
Google got android , they just bought Motorola and gunning for RIM ( BlackBerry ) . All this to strengthen competition with Apple . 
Google to acquire Motorola Mobility for $ 12.5 billion : via #google #goog #nasdaq #motorola #android 
Google buys Motorola … holy moly . This is going to be interesting . 
BOMBSHELL : Google Buying Handset Maker Motorola Mobility For $ 12.5 Billion via 
bought Android and Motorola ! ! WOOWW ! ! ! GOOGLE THE BEST ! ! ! NO WONDER IM A GOOGLE FAN ! ! <3 <3 <3 <3 I LOVE YOU ! ! ! KEEP IT UP 
RT : Google To Acquire Motorola Mobility Enabling Android To “ Break New Ground ” - #android #motorola #google 
RT : Google to acquire Motorola Mobility : 
Big news in #mobile , Google buys Motorola for $ 12.5 Billion , says " Android will remain open to all manufacturers " 
Google Buys Motorola Mobility For $ 12.5 B , Says “ Android Will Stay Open ” via 
Woah ! RT : Google To Buy Motorola Mobility For $ 12.5 Bn 
RT : Google Buys Motorola For $ 12.5 Billion , Says “ Android Will Stay Open ” via 
RT : RT : : RT : BREAKING : Google Buying Motorola Mobility For $ 12.5 Billion 
RT : Google has bought Motorola Mobility for $ 12.5 bn . RT #tech #google 
Quote from --> Google to Acquire Motorola Mobility , Android Ecosystem Shudders 
Wow ! Google Buys Motorola Mobility For $ 12.5 B , Says “ Android Will Stay Open ” via #mlearning 
RT : Google to acquire Motorola Mobility : 
RT : Google to acquire Motorola Mobility : 
RT : Google to acquire Motorola Mobility : 
RT : With Motorola purchase , Google buys a seat at the patent table : Google finally has something to fight back with ... . ... 
RT : Google buys Motorola mobile phone unit #FinancialTimes 
Wow - full on war . Google buys Motorola 
RT : RT : Google to acquire Motorola Mobility : 
" Google to Acquire Motorola Mobility for $ 12.5 bn " Interesting ... ! 
RT : BREAKING : Google Buys Motorola for $ 12.5 Billion 
Google to Acquire Motorola Mobility for $ 12.5 billion #patent war via 
Google To Acquire Motorola Mobility | Epicenter | Wired.com 
Google Bought #Motorola , Google Bought IBM patents , Google + , Andriod , YouTube , Googletalk , #Google Will finally Buy a country Googleland 
RT : Today's news should really read " #Google acquires #Motorola's patent portfolio " . I doubt Larry Page was itching to o ... 
Google Buys Motorola Mobility For $ 12.5 B , Says “ Android Will Stay Open ” via 
RT : Google to acquire Motorola Mobility for $ 12.5 billion to “ supercharge the Android ecosystem ” : 
Google to pay 63 percent premium to Motorola Mobility #android #Technology 
RT : Why Bought Motorola Mobility , And What It Means 
RT : With Motorola purchase , Google buys a seat at the patent table 
RT : Google to acquire Motorola Mobility : 
RT : BREAKING : Google Signs Agreement To Buy Motorola For $ 12.5 Billion 
Google acquires Motorola Mobility . So does this mean no more Razr ? 
RT : With Motorola purchase , Google buys a seat at the patent table 
RT : Motorola acquisition means Google gets 17,000+ patents with 7,500 pending by on 
RT : Google to acquire Motorola Mobility : 
Google Buys Motorola Mobility For $ 12.5 B , Says “ Android Will Stay Open ” via 
Google to buy Motorola Mobility for $ 12.5 billion via 
RT : Motorola acquisition means Google gets 17,000+ patents with 7,500 pending by on 
RT : Google to acquire Motorola Mobile for $ 12.5 billion . also gains 17,000 patents out of the deal . #an ... 
RT WOW ! - Google Buys Motorola Mobility for $ 12.5 Billion via 
Yikes ! “ : wow , Google buys Motorola and it would seem mainly for patents ” 
AJE reports they have the #Tripoli airport . First I've heard of that . 
RT : Libyan rebels are in control of Tripoli's airport and highway to Tunisia - al-Jazeera , via BBC 
RT : Libyan rebels are in control of Tripoli's airport and highway to Tunisia - al-Jazeera , via BBC 
RT : Libyan rebels are in control of Tripoli's airport and highway to Tunisia - al-Jazeera , via BBC 
Was that an earthquake ... my entire home trembling Virginia ? #earthquake 
Just had a mild earthquake in petersburg va . 
Holy crap . My building just started shaking . Did we have an earthquake ? #Ballson #Arlington #Virginia 
Shocked that you felt it , too ! We're in Va Beach - - had to have been an earthquake , right ? ! ? 
I think we just had an earthquake in Virginia ... I have * NEVER * had the house move that much , last one over a year ago was tiny by comprsn ! 
RT : 5.8 earthquake , Virginia . Aug 23 1:51 pm EDT ( - 0m ago , 15km S of Mineral , depth 6km ) . 
wait .. that was an earthquake ? ? in virginia ? ? 
The earthquake was in VIRGINIA . 5.8 . Jesus Christ . 
RT : based on my twitter feed , there has been an earthquake on the east coast . reports from virginia to toronto . 
Earthquake in Virginia #earthquake 
5.8 earthquake in Virginia 
RT : Soooo ... an earthquake . In Lynchburg . Are you kidding me ? ? / / that was CRAZY ! 
Earthquake in #virginia 
5.8 earthquake in Virginia . Felt it in Baltimore ! 
earthquake apparently on the whole east coast ? ! ? i see messages in virginia , MD and felt it in upstate NY 
RT : Widespread reports of an earthquake , centered , reportedly , in Virginia - from NBC News broadcast , twitter ... 
Holy shit - earthquake felt in central VA around 2pm . Mild shaking . 
RT : Widespread reports of an earthquake , centered , reportedly , in Virginia - 
US Geological Survey shows earthquake in central and eastern Virginia . 
That was 5.8 earthquake centered in Virginia . Very big for thus area ! 
RT : RT 5.8 earthquake , Virginia . Aug 23 1:51 pm at epicenter ( - 0m ago , 15km S of Mineral , depth 6km ) . . ... 
Did you all just feel that #earthquake ? All over Northern Virginia apparently . That was kind of scary ! 
RT : Widespread reports of an earthquake , centered , reportedly , in Virginia - from NBC News broadcast , twitter ... 
RT : Just felt the #earthquake at 30 Rock . Looks like it struck in Virginia and felt in D . C . and all the way up to NYC . 
5.8 magnitude earthquake in virginia ... felt it here in NC 
Wow they felt the earthquake down in central Virginia too 
Ummm , an earthquake all up and down the east coast ! Boston to Virginia is what I hear #EarthQuake #EndOfTheWorld ? 
RT : RT : RT : 5.8 earthquake , Virginia . Aug 23 1:51 pm at epicenter ( 15km S of Mineral , depth 6km ) . . ... 
RT : 5.8 earthquake , Virginia . Aug 23 1:51 pm at epicenter ( - 0m ago , 15km S of Mineral , depth 6km ) . 
RT : We just had a freakin ' earthquake in Northern Virginia . My entire house was shaking . My cats FREAKED . 
Rather impressive earthquake for central Virginia ( don't usually have any ) . Possibly a 3.0 or so , lasted around a minute . 
Apparently a 5.8 earthquake in Virginia , tremors felt as far north as NYC and west here in #Pittsburgh 
RT : BREAKING : Unconfirmed 5.8 magnitude earthquake hit in Virginia . Felt in DC , Capitol evacuated . 
RT : RT : 5.8 earthquake , Virginia . Aug 23 1:51 pm EDT ( 0m ago , 15km S of Mineral , depth 6km ) . 
RT : 5.8 earthquake , Virginia . Aug 23 1:51 pm at epicenter ( - 0m ago , 15km S of Mineral , depth 6km ) . 
ok I'm pretty sure we all understand there was an earthquake in Virginia .. 
Holy crap . WTH ? RT : What you guys are feeling was a 5.8 earthquake in Virginia 
RT : BREAKING : 5.8 earthquake in Virginia felt in Washington , New York City , North Carolina - EF 
RT : BREAKING : 5.8 earthquake in Virginia felt in Washington , New York City , North Carolina - EF 
BREAKING NEWS : 5.8 earthquake in Virginia felt in Washington , New York City , North Carolina . DETAILS On WLS 890AM & www.wlsam.com 
RT : BREAKING : 5.8 earthquake in Virginia felt in Washington , New York City , North Carolina - EF 
RT : BREAKING : 5.8 earthquake in Virginia felt in Washington , New York City , North Carolina - EF 
Ooh .. 5.8 earthquake in Virginia , US apparently - hoping all ok ! 
Holy earthquakefest ... 5.8 in Virginia ... and one in Youngstown ... 2.2 What is going on ? ? ? #Sweetly 
RT : Widespread reports of an earthquake , centered , reportedly , in Virginia - from NBC News broadcast , twitter ... 
USGS reports unconfirmed 5.8 magnitude earthquake hit Virginia , tremors felt in Washington D . C . , NYC and here in ... 
RT : BREAKING : 5.8 earthquake in Virginia felt in Washington , New York City , North Carolina 
Did anyone else in ny feel that 5.8 #earthquake in virginia ? 
RT : 5.8 earthquake hits Washington D . C , Virginia area ! Felt in Atlantic City ! Numerous buildings shaking , evacuated .  ... 
RT : Breaking News : 5.8 magnitude #earthquake reported in Virginia , shocks felt in Washington DC . 
A 5.8 magnitude earthquake has occurred 35 miles / 56 Km northwest of Richmond , Virginia . Tsunami IS NOT EXPECTED for US or Canada . 
earthquake . in virginia . hmmmmmmm ! 
RT Widespread reports of an earthquake , centered , reportedly , in Virginia - from NBC News broadcast 
#earthquake for 20-30 seconds here in washington DC and virginia ! this was far ! 
preliminary magnitude 5.8 quake in Virginia 
RT : While we were recording earth shattering vocals we literally just experienced an earthquake here in Virginia . Really . 
RT : BREAKING : 5.8 earthquake in Virginia felt in Washington , New York City , North Carolina - EF 
Minor Earthquake Shakes New York City : 5.8 Magnitude , Centered In Virginia via 
RT BREAKING : 5.8 earthquake in Virginia felt in Washington , New York City , North Carolina - EF #aardbeving 
RT : BREAKING : 5.8 earthquake in Virginia felt in Washington , New York City , North Carolina - @AP 
RT : BREAKING : 5.8 earthquake in Virginia . ( Also felt in Manhattan ) 
There was an earthquake in Virginia ... crazy .. Its getting real 
earthquake in virginia ! lol ... #life 
Anounced an earthquake in virginia and dc that people at the llws could feel 
Magnitude 5.8 earthquake shakes Virginia , D . C . and New York 
on CNN right no .. 5.8 earthquake hits Virginia .. felt in Ohio NY North Carolina 
RT : BREAKING : 5.8 earthquake in Virginia felt in Washington , New York City , North Carolina 
did you just feel the earthquake ? Magnitude 5.8 based in Virginia ... #fb 
RT : BREAKING : 5.8 earthquake in Virginia felt in Washington , New York City , North Carolina - EF 
DEVELOPING STORY : A 5.8 earthquake in Virginia that is being felt in DC and New York . 
RT : BREAKING : 5.8 earthquake in Virginia . ( Also felt in Manhattan ) 
RT : CNN reports this is a 5.8 earthquake in Virginia ... Evidently everyone but the Washington Post is evacuating . We're her ... 
RT : USGS reporting an M5 . 8 earthquake centered west of Richmond . #RVA #VAWX 
6.0 earthquake in Virginia . 
Wow ! ! RT @13News : WASHINGTON ( AP ) - - 5.8 earthquake in Virginia felt in Washington , New York City , North Carolina 
A 5.8 magnitude earthquake hit Virginia about 1:50 Tuesday . Did you feel it ? 
Breaking News on CNN : Magnitude 5.8 earthquake shakes Virginia , D . C . and New York 
BREAKING : 5.8 #earthquake in #Virginia felt in #Washington , New York City , North Carolina , Massachusetts and in #Toronto 
hahahahaha .. watching da news .. 5.8 earthquake 87 miles south of DC in VA ! ! 
The earthquake was a 5.8 in Virginia , but you could feel it in NYC . 
They felt it in Cleveland ! ? Damn . " : BREAKING : 5.8 earthquake in Virginia felt in Washington , New York City , North Carolina - EF " 
5.8 earthquake in VA . I felt it . 
Stadium almost collapsed . RT : BREAKING : 5.8 earthquake in Virginia felt in Washington , New York City , North Carolina 
RT : BREAKING : 5.8 earthquake in Virginia felt in Washington , New York City , North Carolina - EF 
RT : AP : WASHINGTON - - 5.8 earthquake in Virginia felt in Washington , New York City , North Carolina 
RT : WASHINGTON ( AP ) - - 5.8 earthquake in Virginia felt in Washington , New York City , North Carolina 
Just had an earthquake in Smithfield Virginia . That's not common at all ! 
We just had a goddamn earthquake here in Virginia . : V 5.8 , too . 
RT : Us too , NYC . RT : The USGS is reporting a 5.8 earthquake in Virginia . We felt it here in New York City . M ... 
RT : Holy crap , we just had an earthquake . #earthquake in #Virginia ? ? ? ! 
RT : 5.8 Magnitude earthquake in Va , turn to CNN ! ! 
RT : BREAKING : 5.8 earthquake in Virginia felt in Washington , New York City , North Carolina - EF 
RT : 5.8 earthquake in Virginia felt in Washington , New York City , North Carolina 
RT : RT : The earthquake was a 5.8 centered in virginia , that baby rocked all the way up the east coast like a ... 
RT : 5.8 earthquake in Virginia felt in Washington , New York City , North Carolina . Pentagon being evacuated . - AP More to come . 
5.8 earthquake in Virginia felt in Washington DC , New York City , North Carolina 
RT : BREAKING NEWS : 5.8 magnitude earthquake in Virginia felt in New Jersey . 
RT : RT : RT : BREAKING : 5.8 earthquake in Virginia felt in Washington , New York City , North Carolina - EF 
#Earthquake appears to have originated in Virginia 
RT : 5.8 earthquake , Virginia . Aug 23 1:51 pm at epicenter ( - 0m ago , 15km S of Mineral , depth 6km ) . 
The #earthquake hit the whole East Coast . Damn ! Maryland , Virginia , Pensylvania , New York , Jersey ... 
RT : AP : 5.8 earthquake in Virginia ; felt in Washington , New York City and North Carolina 
RT : RT : Widespread reports of earthquake , centered , reportedly , in Virginia - from NBCNews , twitter 
5.8 earthquake hits Virginia ... felt in Virginia , Md , Ohio , Ny , and NC ... WOW ! ! ! 
RT : BREAKING : 5.8 earthquake in Virginia felt in Washington , New York City , North Carolina - EF 
RT : Widespread reports of an earthquake , centered , reportedly , in Virginia - from NBC News broadcast , twitter ... 
“ : BREAKING : 5.8 earthquake in Virginia felt in Washington , New York City , North Carolina ” w . t . F . 
Yup - RT RT : RT : BREAKING : 5.8 earthquake in Virginia felt in Washington , New York City , North Carolina - EF 
RT : BREAKING : 5.8 earthquake in Virginia . ( Also felt in Manhattan ) 
RT : Widespread reports of an earthquake , centered , reportedly , in Virginia - from NBC News broadcast , twitter ... 
BREAKING NEWS : Magnitude 5.8 earthquake shakes Virginia , D . C . and New York ouch ! markets plunge ... See it : 
“ : BREAKING : 5.8 earthquake in Virginia . ( Also felt in Manhattan ) ” <- 5.8 ! ? ! ? ! ? ! 
RT : AP : WASHINGTON - - 5.8 earthquake in Virginia felt in Washington , New York City , North Carolina 
RT : Wow , earthquake just now , north of me in #Greensboro , measure 5.8 in Virginia . Strange indeed 
Did you feel the earthquake ? Magnitude 5.8 earthquake shakes Virginia , D . C . , New York and Shawnee Mountain . 
5.8 magnitude earthquake hit northern Virginia , felt from Charlotte to New York ! 
RT : BREAKING : 5.8 earthquake in Virginia felt in Washington , New York City , North Carolina - EF 
Felt in Manhattan ? Huh RT BREAKING : 5.8 earthquake in Virginia . ( Also felt in Manhattan ) 
RT : We are following reports of #earthquake tremors in #nyc and region . Quake was apparently centered in Virginia . 
it was a 5.8 earthquake in virginia and i could feel it in oc 
RT : #earthquake was in Virginia . 
RT : WASHINGTON ( AP ) - - 5.8 earthquake in Virginia felt in Washington , New York City , North Carolina 
RT : AP : WASHINGTON - - 5.8 earthquake in Virginia felt in Washington , New York City , North Carolina 
RT : 5.8 earthquake happened in Virginia just moments ago . #Earthquake #Virginia 
5.8 earthquake hits Virginia , D . C . and New York per CNN . Crazy ! My friend in Toronto could feel it too ! 
there was an earthquake in Virginia , we got the aftershock . 
RT : #BreakingNews : 5.8- magnitude #earthquake strikes #Virginia , with tremors felt along the east coast 
theres was an earthquake in Virginia and we felt the shit too .. WTF ? ? 
Felt it ! RT " : BREAKING : 5.8 earthquake in Virginia . ( Also felt in Manhattan ) " 
RT : BREAKING : 5.8 earthquake in Virginia felt in Washington , New York City , North Carolina - EF 
RT BREAKING : 5.8 earthquake was also reportedly felt in Virginia , New York City and North Carolina : 
RT : AP : 5.8 earthquake in Virginia ; felt in Washington , New York City and North Carolina 
It was an earthquake in Virginia ! 
RT : Widespread reports of an earthquake , centered , reportedly , in Virginia - from NBC News broadcast , twitter ... 
RT : BREAKING : 5.8 earthquake in Virginia . ( Also felt in Manhattan ) 
pa , and de too “ “ 5.8 earthquake hit Virginia n felt n dc , ny , Nc , and Ohio damn ! ” ” 
RT : Virginia getting hit with a 6.0 earthquake ! How unusual is that ! I pray no one is hurt . 
RT : BREAKING : 5.8 earthquake in Virginia felt in Washington , New York City , North Carolina - EF 
Magnitude 5.8 earthquake shakes Virginia ... we are receiving multiple calls into the 911 Center of low leve … ( cont ) 
A 6.0 earthquake in Virginia has been felt in Washington , New York City and North Carolina . The Pentagon has been evacuated . 
" : #earthquake M 5.8 , Virginia Depth : 6.00 km Aug 23 18:51 : 03 2011 BST " 
RT : " 5.8 earthquake hits D . C . , Virginia , New York " : O Hope everyone is okay . 
RT : BREAKING : 5.8 earthquake in Virginia felt in Washington , New York City , North Carolina 
RT @680News : Magnitude 5.8 earthquake strikes Virginia , felt in Toronto , New York . 
RT : #BreakingNews : 5.8- magnitude #earthquake strikes #Virginia , with tremors felt along the east coast 
5.8 earthquake ! 14 mins ago at 01:51 PM EDT near Virginia 
RT : Earthquake ! #Past_hour M 5.9 , Virginia 
RT : Yes , that really was an earthquake . A 5.8 magnitude quake hit Virginia , but we're feeling it in NY , ... 
RT : #BreakingNews : 5.8- magnitude #earthquake strikes #Virginia , with tremors felt along the east coast 
A 5.8 earthquake located in Virginia was felt through the midstate this afternoon . 
Wow . Hope everyone is OK . RT : AP : 5.8 magnitude earthquake in Virginia felt in Washington , New York City , North Carolina 
RT : RT : RT : Reports of a 5.8 #earthquake in Virginia felt in Washington , New York , Pennsylvania and To ... 
RT : BREAKING : 5.8 earthquake in Virginia felt in Washington , New York City , North Carolina 
RT : : BREAKING : 5.8 earthquake in Virginia . ( Also felt in Manhattan ) 
RT 5.8 earthquake hits Washington D . C , Virginia area ! Felt in Atlantic City ! Numerous build … ( cont ) 
RT : BREAKING : 5.8 earthquake in Virginia . ( Also felt in Manhattan ) 
RT : BREAKING : 5.8 earthquake in Virginia felt in Washington , New York City , North Carolina 
RT #BreakingNews : 5.8- magnitude #earthquake strikes #Virginia , with tremors felt along the east coast 
RT : Widespread reports of an earthquake , centered , reportedly , in Virginia - from NBC News broadcast , twitter ... 
“ : BREAKING NEWS : 5.8 earthquake in Virginia felt in Washington , New York City , North Carolina ( AP ) ” 
RT : CNN reporting on 5.8 earthquake in Virginia . Felt in Ohio , NC , New York and Georgia . Pentagon being evacuated . 
As if there wasn't enough breaking news this am ... 5.8 magnitude #earthquake hits Virginia ... I hope all of my friends & clients are safe ! 
Earthquake in virginia ? ! 
RT : #BreakingNews : 5.8- magnitude #earthquake strikes #Virginia , with tremors felt along the east coast 
Just felt this ! 5.8 earthquake in Virginia felt in Washington , New York City , North Carolina . in my house ! 
RT : East Coast of US shook by Virginia earthquake 
5.8 magnitude #earthquake hit Virginia a few minutes ago and I felt it in Sterling Heights , MI . 
“ : #BreakingNews : 5.8- magnitude #earthquake strikes #Virginia , with tremors felt along the east coast ” 
RT : BREAKING : 5.8 earthquake in Virginia . ( Also felt in Manhattan ) 
RT #BreakingNews : 5.8- magnitude #earthquake strikes #Virginia , with tremors felt along the east coast 
Confirmed : 5.9 earthquake hits Virginia . Felt in DC , NYC , OH , NC . 
Just felt my very first earthquake tremor - - 5.8 quake hit Virginia . 
RT : #BreakingNews : 5.8- magnitude #earthquake strikes #Virginia , with tremors felt along the east coast 
RT : #BreakingNews : 5.8- magnitude #earthquake strikes #Virginia , with tremors felt along the east coast 
Wtff there was an earthquake in Virginia 
“ : BREAKING NEWS : 5.8 earthquake in #Virginia felt in #Washington , #NewYorkCity , #North Carolina ” 
Earthquake felt in Capital Region : 5.8 earthquake in Virginia felt in Washington , New York City , North Carolina . 
Earthquake just shook virginia . All my folks out east ok ? 
RT : 5.8 earthquake , Virginia . Aug 23 1:51 pm at epicenter ( - 0m ago , 15km S of Mineral , depth 6km ) . 
5.9 earthquake struck in virginia , and felt all the way up north . 
6.0 earthquake in northern VA . Seemed like it lasted for minutes . Our entire house and grounds were shaking 
RT : BREAKING : 5.8 earthquake in Virginia felt in Washington , New York City , North Carolina 
Al-Qaeda attack ? - “ Reuters saying 6.0 mag earthquake near Virginia , USA . Reports say felt in NYC . Pentagon & Capitol Hill in DC evacuated . ” 
RT A magnitude -5.8 #earthquake in Virginia was felt in Washington , New York and North Carolina . 
RT : 5.9 magnitude #earthquake centered 41 miles NW from #Richmond #Virginia . 
RT : A 5.8 magnitude earthquake hit Virginia Tuesday , and tremors were felt in Charlotte and along the East Coast . 
Yo peoples , whats good world .. show me love ... ps , 5.9 earthquake just hit my town in virginia 
RT : BREAKING : 5.8 earthquake in Virginia felt in Washington , New York City , North Carolina 
Felt it in Atlanta . Thought I was fainting from #stockmarket volatility.RT : Wow ... magnitured 5.8 #earthquake hit virginia ... 
RT : 5.8 earthquake hits Virginia - we felt it in our newsroom in #NYC ! #AC360 
RT : RT : BREAKING : 5.8 earthquake in Virginia felt in Washington , New York City , North Carolina 
RT : BREAKING : 5.8 earthquake in Virginia felt in Washington , New York City , North Carolina 
RT : 5.8 #earthquake hits Virginia , Washington , North Carolina . Tremors felt as far north as Toronto 
yo there was just an earthquake in virginia 
Holy sheet . A 5.8 earthquake just hit VA and it was weird as hell . First earthquake I've ever experienced . :P 
RT : Magnitude 5.9 earthquake hits US east coast with epicentre 34 miles from Richmond , Virginia , US Geological Survey says htt ... 
shut up ! Lmao 5.9 in DC , va , NY , Ohio , NC , an Martha's vineyard . We have hurricanes not earthquakes ! 
Turn us up ! RT BREAKING NEWS Magnitude 6.0 earthquake hits Virginia Stay close to your local radio station 
A 5.9 earthquake has been detected in Virginia , felt in multiple cities in the eastern U . S . Live look at #NYC : 
5.8 magnitude earthquakes felt in Virginia , D . C . , and New York . Aftershocks felt all the way to North Carolina and Ohio . 
RT : BREAKING : 5.8 earthquake in Virginia felt in Washington , New York City , North Carolina 
5.8 earthquake hits Virginia , felt in New York City | 7online.com 
WHAT ? Magnitude 5.8 earthquake shakes Virginia , D . C . and NYC . Via 
Quake hits U . S . East Coast : A magnitude 5.9 earthquake struck the East Coast from Virginia to at lea ... #Quintenews 
A 5.9 #earthqake has hit cities on the east coast .. Pentagon and White House evacuated .. #earthquake centered in Virginia . 100 mil south of DC 
RT : 5.8 #earthquake hits Virginia , Washington , North Carolina . Tremors felt as far north as Toronto 
5.9- Magnitude Earthquake Centered in Va . , Felt In Ohio #FB 
Magnitude 5.8 Earthquake Hits Virginia , Sends Shockwaves Throughout East Coast | FoxNews.com via 
" : BREAKING : 5.8 earthquake in Virginia felt in Washington , New York City , North Carolina " wow 
RT : 5.8 earthquake in Virginia felt in Washington , New York City , North Carolina 
RT 5.9 earthquake has been detected in Virginia , felt in multiple cities in the eastern U . S . Live look at #NYC : 
RT : Reuters : A magnitude 6.0 earthquake struck the U . S . East Coast from Virginia to Boston the U . S . Geological Survey said . 
Magnitude 5.9 Earthquake Hits Virginia , Sends Shockwaves Throughout East Coast | FoxNews.com via 
Hope not too much damage in the area " : 5.8 earthquake in Virginia ! We felt it " Hope not too much damage in the area 
RT : Earthquake 5.9 trimmers in N.Carolina , Virginia , D . C , New York , & New Jersey . Hope everybody knows that these areas ... 
5.8 earthquake hits Central Virginia around Mineral 
RT : M5 . 9 earthquake in CUSEC Associate State Virginia - ( cont ) 
RT : A 5.9 earthquake has been detected in Virginia , felt in multiple cities in the eastern U . S . Live look at #NYC : ... 
Quake strikes U . S . east coast : An earthquake with a preliminary magnitude of 5.8 struck in northern Virginia ... #cnn 
RT : A magnitude 6.0 earthquake hits US east coast from Virginia to Boston , says US Geological Survey . ... 
! ! ! RT @13News : Earthquake rocks Hampton Roads : NORFOLK - - A 5.8 earthquake rocked in Virginia rocked Hampton ( cont ) 
Earthquake in virginia . #thatwascrazy 
#earthquake M 5.9 , Virginia #crisismanagement 
RT : Widespread reports of an earthquake , centered , reportedly , in Virginia - from NBC News broadcast , twitter ... 
5.8 earthquake hits Central Virginia around Mineral - NBC 12 News , Richmond , VA |: via 
RT : #BreakingNews : 5.8- magnitude #earthquake strikes #Virginia , with tremors felt along the east coast 
桌子明显晃动 … RT : 不知道 同学啥感觉 ？ RT : A magnitude 6.0 earthquake struck the U . S . East Coast from Virginia to Boston . 
5.9 earthquake hits Virginia , jolts N . Y . and Carolinas - LA Times 
5.9 Earthquake felt in Jasper , centered in Virginia : A rare 5.9 magnitude earthquake hit northwest Virginia sending ... 
Virginia had a 5.9 earthquake and it was felt in NY OH DC NC and more and dem don normally get them : O #VirginiaEarthquake 
earthquake in northern Va ! Felt it here in Va Beach ! 
RT : A 5.9 earthquake has been detected in Virginia , felt in multiple cities in the eastern U . S . Live look at #NYC : ... 
" : Magnitude 5.9 earthquake strikes U . S . East Coast and Canada from Virginia to Toronto " 
Powerful earthquake hits eastern U . S , A magnitude 5.9 temblor centered in Virginia is felt as far away as New England . 
We just had an 5.9 earthquake that centered in Virginia 
we just had an earthquake in Virginia ! !   
RT : RT RT : CNN reporting on 5.8 earthquake in Virginia . Felt in Ohio , NC , New York and Georgia . Pentagon being ... 
RT : A 5.9 earthquake has been detected in Virginia , felt in multiple cities in the eastern U . S . Live look at #NYC : ... 
News Earthquake Shakes Triad , Centered In Virginia : 5.8 earthquake in Virginia felt in Washington ... 
Quake strikes U . S . east coast : An earthquake with a preliminary magnitude of 5.8 struck in northern Virginia the ... 
Wdf there was a earthquake in virginia 
RT : Strong earthquake hits US East Coast from Virginia ; Pentagon evacuated : 
RT : An earthquake occurred in Central #VA today . Both reactors at North Anna Power Station were shut down safely with no re ... 
RT : An earthquake occurred in Central #VA today . Both reactors at North Anna Power Station were shut down safely with no re ... 
We just had an earthquake in Virginia ! It was 5.9 ! ! 
RT : WATCH : Quake Shakes Tri-State A 5.9 magnitude earthquake that originated in Virginia rattled New York City and the tri-sta ... 
A magnitude 5.9 earthquake has shaken the east coast of the United States and Canada from Virginia to Toronto . T ... 
apparently there was an earthquake in virginia and you could feel it here in freddy beach ... 
RT : A 5.9 earthquake has been detected in Virginia , felt in multiple cities in the eastern U . S . Live look at #NYC : ... 
RT : Magnitude 5.9 earthquake hits the East Coast at 17:51 : 03 UTC - the largest in history of Virginia 
Yes there was an earthquake centered in central Virginia (8 5 mi SW of Wash DC ) . Mag 5.8 
5.8 earthquake hits Virginia : CNN's Wolf Blitzer describes the earthquake that hit near Washington . 
5.9 earthquake hits #Virginia .. Felt in D . C . , New York ( #NY ) , #Boston ... but the good one is no serious injuries reported so far ... 
5.8 magnitude earthquake strikes Virginia , shaking felt in New York City : 
earth changes 8/ 23/2011 - - UPTICK continues - - 5.9 magnitude earthquake in Virginia - ... via 
One gets used to it her in CA ! RT : 5.9 earthquake hits Virginia , jolts N . Y . and Carolinas | latimes.com - 
There was an earthquake in Virginia and here in Maryland , we got the aftershock ! crazy day please pray for Virginia <3 
RT : A 5.9 magnitude earthquake struck central Virginia a little over an hour ago which is the largest recorded in over 100 ... 
RT : SYF News : 5.9 earthquake hits Virginia with aftershocks in Washington DC and New York 
RT : 5.9 earthquake hits Virginia , rattles NYC , east coast #longisland 
5.9 magnitude earthquake in Virginia , felt all across the east coast of the US , including Pennsylvania ( where hes at ) 
RT : Magnitude 5.8 earthquake strikes Virginia , felt in Toronto , New York : via 
Virginia earthquake rattles East Coast #cnn 
Rare earthquake rattles Northern Virginia ( via ) 
Widespread reports of an earthquake , centered , reportedly , in Virginia - from NBC News broadcast , twitter 
RT : Virginia earthquake shakes millions along the East Coast . 
RT : Virginia earthquake shakes millions along the East Coast . 
Earthquake in Virginia : As everyone knows there was an earthquake in central VA today that could be felt from So ... 
Experienced my first earthquake today ( though I didnt feel it , people I was with did ) 5.8 mag in Virginia fel … ( cont ) 
East Coast Earthquake hits Virginia with aftershocks in Washington DC and New York #earthquakeDC 
RT : A 5.9 earthquake has been detected in Virginia , felt in multiple cities in the eastern U . S . Live look at #NYC : ... 
#nuclear BREAKING NEWS : 5.9 earthquake hits Virginia with aftershocks in Washington DC and New York - Daily Mail 
RT : India and Bangladesh sign agreement on land boundary demarcation and exchange of adversely held enclaves . 
RT : India , Bangladesh sign pact to end 4 - decade old border dispute - IBNLive 
* India-Bangladesh sign pact on border demarcation : India has also announced 24 - hour access to Bangladeshis in the Tin Bigha Corridor . 
Blast near Delhi high court ? ? ? 
RT : Flash : Blast outside high court in New Delhi , no details on any injuries - TV 
Explosion outside Delhi High Court . We're live blogging here #DelhiHCBlast 
RT : Blast at Delhi High Court , some injuries reported 
TOI - Blast reported outside Delhi high court : An explosion was reported outside Delhi high court gate number 5 o ... 
RT : Explosion in Indian capital Delhi : There has been an explosion outside the high court in the Indian capital 
RT : Four people dead in apparent bomb attack near Delhi High Court - home ministry official 
RT : RT : Delhi high court cordoned off , firefighters rushed in . Blast took place around 10:20 am . 
Many injured in India explosion : At least 24 people are injured in an explosion outside the high court in the In ... 
Home secy : 9 dead , 45 injured in blast at delhi high court , its a high intensity blast 
Shattering news . There's a powerful blast outside Delhi high court ; 9 killed , at least 30 injured . 
" Powerful blast outside Delhi high court ; 9 killed , at least 30 injured " 
blast again in #delhi ... #DailyRoutine 
RT : Breaking News ! ! Blast at Delhi High Court ; 4 dead , 24 injured.Once again terrorists strike with impunity.Now ... ... 
BBC News - India high court blast in Delhi kills nine 
RT : Blast outside Delhi high court ; 4 killed , at least 27 injured 
Blast outside Delhi high court ; 9 killed , at least 30 injured 
RT : Blast in delhi ? ! ! 
- Bomb blast near to the delhi ' high court ' - 9dead and 65injured .. ;-( #fb 
Yes ! Delhi High Court .. 11 dead :( RT : Blast in delhi ? ! ! 
Bomb Blast outside of High Court Delhi just few minutes :/ / t.co/MejKWlC 
again blast in delhi ... ! why ? 
home ministry has just confirmed that the Delhi High Court blast is a terror attack via 
Delhi RT Home Ministry confirms its a terror attack . Death toll rises to 11 , 45 injured . v 
Delhi blast a terror attack ; 11 killed , 85 injured via 
RT : Explosion at #Delhi High Court was a ' terrorist attack ' by persons unknown , #India's Home Minister P Chidambaram says ... 
RT : Explosion at #Delhi High Court was a ' terrorist attack ' by persons unknown , #India's Home Minister P Chidambaram says ... 
just came from colg n heard abt the terrorist attack in delhi high court ... feelin so depressed ... 
Blast outsideDelhi High Court , many injuredA powerful explosion occuredoutside the Delhi high court at10 : 15am ... 
Pfft " : 1 Bad News , 1 Very Bad News . Bad News : " Bomb Blast in Delhi " . Very Bad News : " No politician died " . #delhiblast 
Yet another #delhiblast with more innocent lives lost ! Things really need to step up - we should be able to feel safe in our own nation . 
you were saying o . O RT : 10 dead in blast outside Delhi High Court - India News - IBNLive 
RT : Blast in delhi ? ! ! 
bomb explodes in delhi ... terror attack 
Bomb blast in delhi . When government will wake up . Any one can kill innocent peoples any where . Its too much now . STOP STOP STOP this ... 
Powerful bomb blast at Delhi high court gate no . 5 , killing at least 11 ... - - #New Delhi #Political #India 
RT : India celebrates its 10th bomb blast of 2011 . This time in High court itself . Congrats ! Way to go . #Delhi HC #delhibla ... 
Security source says 36 dead in Russian plane crash , 37 were aboard - Interfax [ Reuters #news ] 
RT : A terrible tragedy in Russia . A charter plane carrying KHL's Lokomotiv crashed . Only one person survived ! 
It seems only 1 person survived today's plane crash in #russia . 36 didn't . Old Soviet-era planes seem to crash with depressing regularity . 
RT : More on Russia plane crash : Majority of victims were members of professional ice hockey team Lokomotiv - RT.com :/ ... 
RT : Our Russian colleagues are reporting that a charter plane carrying KHL club Lokomotiv has crashed . Thoughts & prayers ... 
RT : Plane crashes during takeoff in Russia , killing 36 , Russian news outlets report . 
RT : Via , reports that all but one of 37 people on board KHL's Lokomotiv charter have died in a plane crash . 
RT : More on Russia plane crash : Majority of victims were members of professional ice hockey team Lokomotiv - RT.com :/ ... 
RT : Our Russian colleagues are reporting that a charter plane carrying KHL club Lokomotiv has crashed . Thoughts & prayers ... 
RT : RT : Russia plane crash : Majority of victims were members of professional hockey team Lokomotiv - RT.com ht ... 
RT : RT : Russia plane crash : Majority of victims were members of pro ice hockey team Lokomotiv - RT.com :/ / ... 
RT : Russian plane crashes , 36 reported dead 
Almost an entire hockeyteam in Russia , Lokomotiv , was on a plane that crashed today . This is a heads up . RIP . 
RT : A terrible tragedy in Russia . A charter plane carrying KHL's Lokomotiv crashed . Only one person survived ! 
RT : Plane crashes during takeoff in Russia , killing 36 , Russian news outlets report . 
RT : RT : Russia plane crash : Majority of victims were members of professional hockey team Lokomotiv - RT.com ht ... 
RT More on Russia plane crash : Majority of victims were members of professional ice hockey team Lokomotiv -bit.ly/oz2A5B 
OMG . Awful . BBC News - Russian airliner in fatal crash near Yaroslavl 
RT : Sovetsky Sport is reporting 36 confirmed dead on board the charter that crashed . #Lokomotiv 
RT : According to the plane crashed at takeoff . There were 37 people on board . Condolences to the #KHL and Lokomotiv . 
RT : Report : Plane crash kills ‘ majority ’ of KHL team Lokomotiv via 
Plane crash in Russia kills 36 ( or 37 ? ) ( assumed to be KHL / former NHL players / coaches ) What a bad summer for Hockey ! ! :( RIP 
No story up yet . Reports that a plane carrying KHL team Lokimotiv crashed ghis morning killing 36 of 37 on board 
RT : Plane carrying pro-hockey team crashes in Russia . Locomotiv has Pavol Demetria & Ruslan Salei on roster . No word if t ... 
see this ? : A terrible tragedy in Russia . A charter plane carrying KHL's Lokomotiv crashed . Only one survivor ” 
Russian plane crashes , 36 reported dead 
Shit . Terrible news : ' - ( #hockey RT New Puck Daddy Report : Plane crash kills ‘ majority ’ of KHL team Lokomotiv 
RT : Russian authorities reporting 36 dead and one criticially injured on downed plane that was carrying the KHL's Lokomo ... 
“ / Reuters : Members of ice hockey team " Lokomotiv " amongst 36 people killed in passenger plane crash near Yaroslavl . ” 
" : Dozens killed in Russian plane crash " 
RT : More on Russia plane crash : Majority of victims were members of professional ice hockey team Lokomotiv - RT.com :/ ... 
Another terrible tragedy RT : New Puck Daddy : Report : Plane crash kills ‘ majority ’ of KHL team Lokomotiv 
DTN Russia : Thirteen bodies recovered at Russian plane crash site : Rescuers have found 13 bodies of those who we ... 
RT : Russian authorities reporting 36 dead and one criticially injured on downed plane that was carrying the KHL's Lokomo ... 
RT : Plane with hockey team Lokomotiv onboard failed to reach needed altitude & crashed into antenna #breakingnews 
RT : Plane crash kills ' majority ' of hockey team 
RT : Russian authorities reporting 36 dead and one criticially injured on downed plane that was carrying the KHL's Lokomo ... 
omg ! ! RT “ : Russian plane that crashed was taking members of a hockey team to Minsk . 36 reported dead . ” 
RT : Russian plane that crashed was taking members of a hockey team to Minsk . 36 reported dead . 
Plane carrying KHL hockey team Lokomotiv Yaroslavl crashes , killing 36 via 
RT : Very sad news this morning in Russia - plane carrying KHL team Lokomotiv crashes . Our condolences go out 2 all victi ... 
RT : Plane crash in Russia involves KHL team . Limited details at this time : 
36 killed in Russian plane crash : MOSCOW : A Russian jet carrying hockey players to their first match of th ... #CNA 
RT : 36 killed after passenger plane crashes on take-off from Yaroslavl , Russia , Interfax news agency reports 
Russian airliner in fatal crash : A passenger plane carrying a major league ice hockey team crashes near the Russ ... 
RT : RT : A terrible tragedy in Russia . A charter plane carrying KHL's Lokomotiv crashed . Only one person survived 
RT : Updated toll for Russia plane crash : Sources at airport say 45 people were on board , 44 dead - 
RT : A plane carrying KHL team Lokomotiv has crashed in Russia . Early reports say 34 died & 3 survived . Ex-Blue Pavol Demit ... 
Russian plane Yak - 42 which crashed near the city of Yaroslavl , on the Volga River , northeast of Moscow 
Plane said carrying KHL team crashes , 36 dead : A Russian jet carrying a local ice hockey team crashed Wednesday w ... 
RT : Report : Plane crash kills ‘ majority ’ of KHL team Lokomotiv via 
RT : Plane carrying Russian KHL pro hockey team - with several ex NHLers - crashes . 36 of 37 reported dead . ... 
RT : Plane crash in Russia involves KHL team . Limited details at this time : 
RT : RT : HORRIBLE story . Very sad : Plane carrying Russian hockey team crashes , 36 reported dead 
AP reports 36 people have died in a plane crash in Central Russia . Many victims are believed to be members of the ... 
“ : Russian plane that crashed was taking members of a hockey team to Minsk . 36 reported dead . ” 
RT : Russian plane that crashed was taking members of a hockey team to Minsk . 36 reported dead . 
least 44 dead as plane carrying Russian ice-hockey team crashes 
RT : Russian plane that crashed was taking members of a hockey team to Minsk . 36 reported dead . 
RT : terrible plane crash in Russia with the Russian Hockey team Lokomotiv yaroslavl . R . I . P och lat oss hoppas att Stefan L ... 
RT : Plane crash in Russia involves KHL team . Limited details at this time : 
Plane said carrying KHL team crashes , 36 dead : A Russian jet carrying a local ice hockey team crashed Wednesday w ... 
Another sad story in hockey as KHL team plane crashes killing most aboard . 
RT : Report : Plane crash kills ‘ majority ’ of KHL team Lokomotiv via 
RT : Report : Plane crash in Russia carrying KHL team Lolomotiv . Several ex-NHL'ers on team roster . Not clear who was on board .  ... 
RT : So tragic about the plane crash in Russia ! The entire #Lokomotiv team was on board . What a nightmare . 
Hearing that the entire roster for Locomotiv on plane that crashed . Tragic news if true . Demitra was a great PEI Senator . #lokomotiv 
A charter plane in Russia crashed today killing 36 members of a KHL hockey team . I was just in Russia , so scary to hear this #rip #unreal 
What a sad day in Russia ! A charter plane carrying KHL's Lokomotiv crashed ... Apparently there's only one survivor ! #sosad #tragedy #travel 
OMG What a tragedy ! ! ! Plane crashes in Russia killing 36 people of KHL Team Lokomotiv Yaroslavl including Pavol Demitra ;( RIP 
RT : More on Russia plane crash : Majority of victims were members of professional ice hockey team Lokomotiv - RT.com :/ ... 
RT : From : So tragic about the plane crash in Russia ! The entire #Lokomotiv team was on board . What a nightmare . 
RT : A terrible tragedy in Russia . A charter plane carrying KHL's Lokomotiv crashed . Only one person survived ! 
Tragic day for hockey . #KHL's Lokomotiv involved in plane crash . . On the plane were former #NHL'ers & #RedWings . 
The Yak - 42 plane crashed immediately after takeoff from an airport near the city of Yaroslavl 
Russia : Airplane with the Lokomotiv Yaroslavl ice hockey team crashed near Yaroslavl , killing 36 - Breaking news Buzz 
The horrible plane crash that has killed at least 43 hockey players include former members of the NHL . #breakingnews 
Reports : ex-Canuck Pavol Demitra on board crashed Russian jet . Entire roster of KHL Lokomotiv team on board , 43 dead incl . former NHLers 
RT : Former NHL players among the victims of Russia plane crash , NHL.com confirms 
RT : Just now seeing the news on Lokomotiv ( KHL ) plane crash that reportedly killed 36 of 37 on board . Chilling . Just chilling ... 
 RT : BREAKING : 2 former Red Wings players , 1 an ex-assistant coach , die in plane crash - 
RT : Plane Carrying KHL Team Crashes ; 36 Reported Dead | Houses of the Hockey | Blogs | theScore.com #bac ... 
More heart breaking news today in the hockey world . Plane crash in Russia involves KHL team - - lots of #NHL ties 
RT : 43 people now feared dead after a plane carrying a Russian hockey team crashed near the city of Yaroslavl 
Prayers go out to the families of the #KHL players lost this morning in a plane crash . All but one member of #teamlokomotiv perished . 
<Mike> Another hockey tragedy this morning . A plane has crashed in Russia , carrying the entire Lokomotiv hockey ... 
As if the hockey world wasn't hurting enough already , a plane carrying a KHL team crashed in Russia this morning , ... 
Russian plane crash kills 43 people including former blues player pavol demitria . What a shame , he was always one of my favs growing up . RIP 
43 people now feared dead after a plane carrying a Russian hockey team crashed near the city of Yaroslavl , officials say | via 
Terrible news out of Russia this morning . Plane crash kills KHL team . 
A terrible tragedy in Russia . A charter plane carrying KHL's Lokomotiv crashed . Only one person survived ! 
Sad . RT Lokomotiv Yaroslavl team plane crash . Hockey's summer of tragedy continues . When will it stop ? 
Another hockey tragedy . Plane crash in Russia involves KHL team 
Plane said carrying KHL team crashes , 43 dead : A Russian jet carrying a local ice hockey team crashed Wednesday w ... 
RT : Terrible news of the plane crash carrying an entire KHL team . Thoughts and prayers go out to all families involved . 
RT : A terrible tragedy in Russia . A charter plane carrying KHL's Lokomotiv crashed . Only one person survived ! 
RT : Plane carrying KHL team crashes , killing 36 
Sad as hell RT : Plane crash kills ' majority ' of hockey team 
Top KHL squad killed in passenger plane crash in Russia : 
Heartbreaking , sad , horrible :( RT : Russian jet said to be carrying Lokomotiv of KHL crashes , 36 dead - 
RT : According to the plane crashed at takeoff . There were 37 people on board . Condolences to the #KHL and Lokomotiv . 
BBC News - Russian airliner in fatal crash near Yaroslavl sorry to hear this tragedy . R . I . P :( 
RT : A tragic loss for the hockey world . Plane crash with an entire KHL team on board . Thoughts and prayers go out to the ... 
Russian plane crash decimates KHL team , former Canuck Pavol Demitra on roster 
RT : Former Red Wings coach Brad McCrimmon killed in Russian plane crash that killed 44 KHL players including 2 former Griff ... 
RT : Heartbroken . Russian plane crash believed to have killed 30 + KHL players from #lokomotiv . No word if ex Canuck Pavol Dem ... 
RT : Terrible tragedy in Russia ... Lokomotiv hockey team plane has crashed ... my condolences to everyone ... I have no words ... 
Terrible airplane crash kills Russian hockey team . 
RT : Sad day in the hockey community RT : Plane Crash Kills Lokomotiv Yaroslavl 
Lokomotiv Yaroslavl team killed in plane crash .. Playing in Kontinental Hockey League from Russia , Belarus latvia , slovakia 
RT : A terrible tragedy in Russia . A charter plane carrying KHL's Lokomotiv crashed . Only one person survived ! 
RT : 31 bodies recovered from Lokomotiv plane crash , according to Russia Today 
Former NHL players killed in Russian plane crash 
RT : RT : BREAKING : Russian jet that crashed carried Lokomotiv ice hockey team . All 36 aboard reported dead .  ... 
RT : Plane crashes during takeoff in Russia , killing 36 , Russian news outlets report . 
RT : Russian plane that crashed was taking members of a hockey team to Minsk . 36 reported dead . 
A plane has crashed in Russia carrying the KHL's Yaroslavl Lokomotiv hockey team . Only one survivor . My thoughts are with the guys ' families 
RT @234next : FLASH : Russian plane crashes , 36 reported dead . 
RIP thoughts with the families and friends of Lokomotiv KHL team killed in plane crash today . The one survivor from a medical stand point 
Wow an entire Russian team lost in an airplane crash including Demitra and Mcrimmon Rip all the team and familys in there loss 
Plane crash in Russia involves KHL team - NHL.com 
RT : Russian plane crashes , 36 reported dead 
RT : plane carrying KHL team of ex-Wings asst . Brad McCrimmon & D Ruslan Salei crashed in Russia . Just awful news . ... 
Unreal , plane crash in russia killed an entire hockey team including former nhl players #sadday 
RT : Horrible news - RIP Ruslan Salei , Pavol Demitra and the other victims of Lokomotiv Yaroslavl plane crash in Russia . Gone ... 
RT : A plane carrying KHL team Lokomotiv has crashed in Russia . Early reports say 34 died & 3 survived . Ex-Blue Pavol Demit ... 
Do u know ? Russian plane crashes , 36 dead - Reuters - TSNRussian plane crashes , 36 deadReutersMOSCOW ( Reuters ) - A p ... 
Plane crash in Russia kills most members of KHL team Lokomotiv Yaroslavl Sad news . RIP Pavol Demitra , former 
RT : Plane crash in Russia involves KHL team <-- Such a sad day for the world of hockey . 
RT : Pavol #Demitra killed in Russian plane crash 
oh my god . this is just terrible . a plane with the whole hockey team of Yaroslavl crashed in Russia . almost everyone is dead :( 
RT : Plane crashes during takeoff in Russia , killing 36 , Russian news outlets report . 
43 people die in a plane crash in Russia .. 2 survive . Among them a full KHL hockey team 
RT Plane crash in Russia involves KHL team . Limited details at this time : --> thoughts & prayers for their family . 
Tragic news . RT : Ex-MN Wild player Pavol Demitra died in Russian plane crash 
RT : Tragic news of a plane crash carrying KHL team Lokomotiv . Our condolences go out to the victims ’ families & friends . ... 
RIP to former Flyer Brad McCrimmon and the entire Lokomotiv Yaroslavl KHL ice hockey team that died in a plane crash #RIP #sadtweet 
RT : A plane carrying 43 people from a Russian hockey team crashed and killed everyone on it . :( :( :( 
Sad news - some former #NHL-ers killed in plane crash RT @TBLightning : Limited details at this time ... #hockey 
RIP to all victims of the Russian plane crash 
RT : RT : Russian jet carrying #Lokomotiv hockey team has crashed ; at least 36 reportedly dead ... 
Sad developing story : a plane crashes in Russia killing almost an entire hockey team . Some victims may be NHL players . looking 4 more info 
RT : 43 people now feared dead after a plane carrying a Russian hockey team crashed near the city of Yaroslavl officials say ht ... 
At least 45 dead as plane carrying Russian ice hockey team crashes via " Medvedev would visit site ... " 
RT : Russian jet said to be carrying Lokomotiv of KHL crashes , 43 dead - 
RT : An entire Russian hockey team died in a plane crash ? Holy crap . :( 
RT : A sad day for the hockey world again a plane crashed in Russia with an entire KHL team being killed 
Shocked to hear the news about the plane crash in Russia that was carrying the team Lokomotiv . Prayers go out to their families . 
Sad day in hockey world : Russia plane crash kills 43 , officials say #cnn 
I heard abt #planecrash that killed Russian pro hockey team . Only 1 player n 1 crew member survived out of 45 . 
Sad news about Pavol Demitra . He was killed in a plane crash in Russia . #STLBlues 
RT : Plane crash in Russia involves KHL team . Limited details at this time : 
a russian team playing in the KHL died in a plane crash this morning . A lot of former NHL pla … ( cont ) 
RT : Horrible news . Brad McCrimmon , former Whaler , among the more than 40 dead in Russian hockey plane crash . 
RT : Russian plane that crashed was taking members of a hockey team to Minsk . 36 reported dead . 
RT : Sad News Coming from Russia - Reports say plane crashed with entire KHL Team aboard - thoughts & prayers with families ... 
RIP to all the members of the KHL Lokomotiv team and staff that passed away on the plane crash in Russia today 
RT : Airplane crash in Yaroslavl , Russia . Lokomotiv hockey team crashed during take off . Only one person is reported be alive . :( 
Russia plane crash wipes out ice hockey team | BreakingNews.ie : via 
Russian hockey team killed in plane crash 
Devils Prospect Alexander Vasyunov and ex-defensemen Karl Rachunek die in a plane crash along with 35 other KHL players bit.ly/R0BPzm R . I . P . 
R . I . P Brad McCrimmon and the other 43 players who died in the Russian plane crash . 
Reuters Top News : Dozens killed in Russian hockey team plane crash 
Tragic event in Russia with the plane crash which killed at least 43 members of a KHL hockey team . Sadly reminiscent of the Munich crash . 
Former Rangers among NHL players killed in Russian plane crash - NYPOST.com via 
RT : Russian jet said to be carrying Lokomotiv of KHL crashes , 43 dead - 
Tragic news - Planecrash in Russia kills 44 , among them the Swedih goatender Ste ... : Tragic ne ... #Russian #Girls 
Ice hockey team Lokomotiv involved in plane crash 
RT : 43 dead in russia plane crash ! ! How many people have to die before that country retires it's ancient fleet of passenger jets 
RT : UPDATE : Canadian coach Brad McCrimmon among 43 killed in Russian plane crash : 
RT : The hockey family mourns after a plane crash of Russia's Lokomotiv Yaroslavl . Statement from IIHF President René Fasel .  ... 
One of my all time favorites Pavol Demitra dies in plane crash along with most of his team mates : 
RIP to the KHL team that died in the plane crash ! 
RT : Such a horrible tragedy of the plane crash that wiped out an entire hockey team in Russia , incl Stanley Cup winner Brad ... 
Russian jet carrying Lokomotiv of KHL crashes , 43 dead - ESPN 
russian airplane crash ! ! let the souls of all the dead rest in peace ! ! 
:( RT : Russian ice hockey team Lokomotiv Yaroslavl plane crashed earlier today . Killing 36 people , the whole team is gone . #RIP 
RT : Deeply tragic plane crash in Russia . Our sincere condolences . 
Whoah just heard about that Russian plane crash , killing members of the national ice hockey team , what a tragedy . 
KHL team was on a plane that crashed on the way to their first game . All are presumed dead . 
RT : the whole Russian national hockey team died today in airplane crash , only 2 survivors ! RT 
Fatal plane crash : Russian ice hockey team among the 43 dead after a plane crashes shortly after take off ... 
RT : A tragic loss for the hockey world . Plane crash with an entire KHL team on board . Thoughts and prayers go out to the ... 
RT : BBC News - Russia's Lokomotiv ice hockey team in air disaster RIP xxxxxxxxxxx 
3NNZ Russian plane crash kills 43 , including ice hockey stars : A private Russian jet carrying a top ice hockey t ... 
RT : Sad news : From NHL.com : Plane crash in Russia involves KHL team . 
OMG Russian Hockey Team plane crashes this is terrible 
Ice hockey stars killed in crash : The deaths of 36 ice hockey players in a plane crash in Russia is described as ... 
RT : Very sad an airplane carrying Russian Hockey Passengers has crashed today please pray for their families 
Check this video out - - Plane crash kills Russian ice hockey team . via 
Ice hockey stars killed in crash : The deaths of 36 ice hockey players in a plane crash in Russia is described as ... 
RT : EX-Blackhawks defenseman Alexander Karpovtsev , center Igor Korolev among at least 43 killed in crash of plane carryi ... 
RT : Khl teams planes crashed #terrible #thoughtsandprayers 
Pavol Demitra Among 43 Dead in Russian Plane Crash . 
Check this video out - - Plane crash kills Russian ice hockey team . via 
Russian hockey team in air crash : A chartered jet carrying Russian ice hockey team Lokomotiv crashes on ta ... 
Plane crash kills ‘ majority ’ of KHL team Lokomotiv via 
RT : The hockey family mourns after a plane crash of Russia's Lokomotiv Yaroslavl . Statement from IIHF President René Fasel .  ... 
RT : Sad day for hockey : Plane crash in Russia involves KHL team . 
RT : Sad day for hockey : Plane crash in Russia involves KHL team . 
Reuters : Dozens dead in Russian hockey team plane crash 
Terrible plane crash in Russia involving a KHL team . Tragically , a number of former NHL'ers were killed . There's a full repot at CJAD.com 
Plane Crash Wipes Out Elite Russian Hockey Team #AHC #Asianhockey 
over 30 hockey players died in the plane crash today R . I . P #FuckedUpShit 
RIP to everyone on the resent plane crash #nhlplayers 
RT : R . I . P to the souls lost in the Russian plane crash . 
Ice hockey team dies in Russian plane crash ! ... 
Dozens killed as Russian plane carrying hockey team crashes . NHL veterans among the dead : 
Dozens killed in Russian plane crash 
RT : Sad news : From NHL.com : Plane crash in Russia involves KHL team . 
RT : Wow just heard about the plane crash that killed a whole ice hockey team in russia . 
Russian ice hockey team wiped out in plane crash 
RT : Two people survive Russian plane crash that killed 43 passengers and crew including ice hockey team Lokomotiv Yaroslavl htt ... 
RT : 43 people now feared dead after a plane carrying a Russian hockey team crashed near the city of Yaroslavl officials say ht ... 
43 #KHL hockey players killed in the Russian plane crash including a former #canuck Pavol Demitra . Thoughts & prayers to all their families 
44 dead in Russian plane crash : FIVE foreign ice hockey players including former Swedish Olympic gold medallist ... 
Video : Hockey team dies in Russian plane crash ( msnbc ): Share With Friends : | | Top News - USA ... #USA #News 
Did you hear about the Russian plane crash . A bunch of hockey players got killed . 
RT : Russian jet carrying Lokomotiv of KHL crashes , 43 dead 
Bad day in hockey again . So sad to hear about the Lokomotiv #khl plane crash . Especially with so many redwings on board . 
Terrible news about the plane crash in Russia , full Ice Hockey team , staff and club officials are dead , may they rest in peace . 
The hockey world will never be the same Russian jet carrying Lokomotiv of KHL crashes % 2C 43 dead - ESPN % 3A % 2F % 2Fes.pn % 2Fr1ewDw 
Plane crash in Russia . 45 on board . 43 dead . 2 in critical condition . My thoughts and prayers go out to their families . 
Dozens killed in Russian plane crash ( from ) 
NHL stars die in Russia plane crash 
Dozens dead in Russian hockey team plane crash 
43 killed in Russian hockey team plane crash 
RT : Russian plane crash kills Lokomotiv Yaroslavl ice hockey team via 
RT : RT : Breaking : An unknown number of people are feared dead after a ferry with 620 people on board capsized in Za 
News _ A ferry sank overnight between two islands in the Zanzibar archipelago , off Tanzania , and a number of peop ... 
Ferry with 500 plus passengers sinks off Tanzania : DAR ES SALAAM , Sept 10 ( Reuters ) - A ferry carrying morethan ... 
' Hundreds missing ' in Zanzibar ferry disaster #Tanzania , #znzDisaster , #ZanzibarBoatAccident , #Zanzibar , #Unguja : 
News : Hundreds feared dead in Zanzibar ferry sinking 
RT : Scores are feared dead after a ferry carrying more than 500 passengers capsized off Tanzania 
RT : ' Overloaded ' ferry sinks off Tanzania - An overloaded ferry carrying 600 people has sunk off Zanzibar .. 
At least 43 dead in Zanzibar ferry capsize : “ So far we have recovered 43 people who died , but we have rescued 25 ... 
BBC News - ' Hundreds missing ' in #Zanzibar ferry disaster 
RT : 40 dead , hundreds missing after a ferry carrying more than 600 people capsizes off #Zanzibar . 
RT : RT : At least 40 dead , hundreds missing after a ferry carrying more than 600 people capsizes off #Zanzibar . ... 
RT : RT : At least 40 dead , hundreds missing after a ferry carrying more than 600 people capsizes off #Zanzibar . ... 
RT : RT : At least 40 dead , hundreds missing after a ferry carrying more than 600 people capsizes off #Zanzibar . ... 
God help them RT : 40 dead , hundreds missing after a ferry carrying more than 600 people capsizes off #Zanzibar . 
RT : A ferry carrying more than 500 people capsized overnight off coast of Tanzania , 40 dead , hundreds missing . 
Yet another ferry boat disaster in Tanzania . The boat to Pemba . 
RT : Tanzania ferry update : At least 107 killed after ship carrying 600 capsizes ; death toll likely to rise - Reuters : ... 
Tanzania ferry update : At least 107 killed after ship carrying 600 capsizes ; death toll likely to rise - Reuters 
Deaths mount in Tanzania ferry accident : The death toll stands at 158 in Saturday's ferry accident off the Tanza ... 
RT Tanzania ferry update : At least 107 killed after ship carrying 600 capsizes ; death toll likely to rise 
At least 43 dead in Zanzibar ferry capsize , 300 missing . At least 43 people died when a ferry capsized off ... 
nairobi oil terminal pipeline explodes near sinai slum ... many feared dead 
Huge Fire at Sinai Slums , near fuel depot . Looks like Oil pipelines are on fire . Those in Industrial area , Pls stay safe ! 
RT : Police close Lunga Lunga road , Industrial area after a huge fire outbreak . So far , 15 people rushed to Mater Hospita ... 
RT : Police close Lunga Lunga road , Industrial area after a huge fire outbreak . So far , 15 people rushed to Mater Hospita ... 
gosh that's sad ! RT : nairobi oil terminal pipeline explodes near sinai slum RT : ni wapi kunachomeka ? 
RT : RT : Dozens suffer burns in Kenya #Pipeline fire in Lunga Lunga , Nairobi . Firefighters battling inferno ... 
RT : Police close Lunga Lunga road , Industrial area after a huge fire outbreak . So far , 15 people rushed to Mater Hospita ... 
RT : AFP : More than 100 people killed in pipeline fire in Kenya 
RT Kenya pipeline fire ' kills 100 ' : More than 100 people have died after a petrol pipeline explosion and fire in ... 
RT : Kenya pipeline fire ' kills 100 ' 
120 as at now RT : 55 killed in #Kenya pipeline fire , police say . 
More than 100 RT 55 killed in #Kenya pipeline fire , police say . 
RT : At least 40 Kenyans dead , 80 in hospital after gasoline pipeline explodes in Kenya's capital : ... 
100 Kenyans killed in pipeline fire - - #Nairobi #Tragedy #Kenya 
At least 40 Kenyans dead , 80 in hospital after gasoline pipeline explodes in Kenya's capital : - #RT @The Associated Press 
RT At least 40 Kenyans dead , 80 in hospital after gasoline pipeline explodes in Kenya's capital : - VW 
Tragic happenings RT : Wow RT : At least 40 Kenyans dead after pipeline explosion 
At least 40 Kenyans dead after pipeline explosion : At least 40 people were killed after a gasoline pipeline runn ... 
RT : Scores killed in Kenya oil pipeline fire 
Dozens die in Kenya pipeline fire : At least 55 people have died after fire broke out along a fuel pipeline ... 
Dozens die in Kenya pipeline fire : At least 55 people have died after fire broke out along a fuel pipeline ... 
RT : Over 100 die in Kenyan pipeline fire 
At Least 40 Kenyans Dead After Pipeline Explosion : At least 40 people were killed after a gasoline pipeline run ... 
Alert - At least 61 Kenyans dead after gas pipeline explodes . Over 110 hurt . Death toll likely to rise : official . #Kenya 
RT : 55 killed in #Kenya pipeline fire , police say . 
Bangkokpost : Over 100 dead in Kenyan pipeline fire 
Pipeline Blast Rocks Kenya : At least 61 bodies have been recovered after an explosion of a gasoline pi ... Best . 
RT : #Sinai fire , energy minister Kiraitu Murungi to address the media on the tragedy at the Kenya Pipeline headquarters 
RT : BREAKING : French nuclear safety body says an explosion has rocked nuclear plant in southern France . ( via AP ) 
Oh-oh . Explosion at southern French nuclear power plant . Radioactive leak possible . 
RT : Hm ... ' Leak risk after explosion at French nuclear plant ' 
French nuclear safety body says an explosion has rocked nuclear plant in southern France . [ AP #news ] 
RT : Explosion is reported at the #Marcoule nuclear plant in southern #France with risk of a radioactive leak , emergency officia ... 
Gard prefecture saying there's risk of radioactive leak following explosion at #Marcoule nuclear power plant . #France 
BBC now reporting 1 person dead , 3 injured in nuclear plant explosion in the Gard region of #France . Apparently LeMonde has more details . 
oh shit nuclear explosion in france ? ? 
AP : Explosion rocks nuclear plant in southern France via 
RT : BREAKING : An explosion has rocked a nuclear plant in southern France 
RT : BREAKING : An explosion has rocked a nuclear plant in southern France 
explosion in French nuclear reactor . 1 person dead . 
FLASH : An explosion has rocked a #nuclear plant in southern France says French nuclear safety body - AP #BreakingNews #France 
' Blast at French nuclear plant ' : There is a risk of a radioactive leak after a blast at the southern French nuclear plant of Marcoule ... 
RT : FLASH : Explosion at French nuclear site injures four people - French nuclear watchdog 
RT : BREAKING : An explosion has rocked a nuclear plant in southern France 
RT : RT : The Associated Press reporting : French nuclear safety body says an explosion has rocked nuclear pl ... 
RT : ' Leak risk after explosion at French nuclear plant ' 
RT : BREAKING : An explosion has rocked a nuclear plant in southern France 
RT : ' Blast at French nuclear plant ' 
RT : BREAKING : An explosion has rocked a nuclear plant in southern France 
RT : Explosion is reported in furnace at Marcoule #nuclear power plant near Nimes in southern #France 
RT : LATEST : French #nuclear safety body says an explosion has rocked nuclear plant in southern #France . More soon ... 
An explosion has rocked the Marcoule nuclear plant in southern France , with a risk of a radioactive leak 
RT : BREAKING : An explosion has rocked a nuclear plant in southern France , nuclear safety body says - AP 
RT : FLASH : One dead in explosion at France's Marcoule nuclear site - ASN nuclear safety watchdog 
RT : BREAKING : An explosion has rocked a nuclear plant in southern France , nuclear safety body says - AP 
RT : RT : Explosion is reported in furnace at Marcoule #nuclear power plant near Nimes in southern #France :/ ... 
RT 1 killed , 3 injured in explosion at nuclear plant in France 
BREAKING NEWS : French nuclear safety body says an explosion has rocked nuclear plant in southern France . 
おいおい 、 もう死者出とるやんけ 。 ＞ Le Figaro : 1 killed in explosion at nuclear plant in southern France via 
RT : BREAKING : Explosion at Marcoule nuclear power plant in France ; one dead , three injured . 
RT : Explosion at nuclear plant in southern France 
RT : French nuclear safety body says explosion rocks nuclear plant in southern France - AP 
RT : BLAST at French nuclear power plant 
RT One dead in explosion at French nuclear plant ; no radiation leak , ASN nuclear safety agency says - Reuters 
Explosion at Nuclear Plant in Southern France : The French nuclear safety body and local authorities say an expl ... 
Explosion at Nuclear Plant in Southern France : The French nuclear safety body and local authorities say an expl ... 
RT : Explosion at French nuclear site injures four , but atomic safety agency says no contamination risk ... 
RT : At least 1 reportedly killed in #France #nuclear plant #explosion , no confirmed contamination : 
RT : Explosion is reported in furnace at Marcoule #nuclear power plant near Nimes in southern #France 
RT : One dead in explosion at French nuclear plant ; no radiation leak , ASN nuclear safety agency says - Reuters 
One Dead After French Nuclear Plant Explosion : URGENT : Blast at Marcoule nuclear plant in France kills one , inju ... 
Fench nuclear waste explosion today . The MOX plutonium cables : 
RT : Just in : French nuclear safety body says an explosion has rocked nuclear plant in southern France ; 1 reported killed 
RT : Explosion occurred at 11h45 Paris time at the #Marcoule #nuclear site . Nuclear watchdog , prefecture both say there's no leak 
RT : FLASH : Blast at French nuclear plant kills one , wounds four - Regulator to AFP 
RT : BREAKING : French nuclear safety body says one dead in explosion of oven at Marcoule plant , but no leaks . - EC 
RT : BREAKING : French nuclear safety body says one dead in explosion of oven at Marcoule plant , but no leaks . - EC 
RT : Update : Le Figaro reports 1 killed in explosion at nuclear plant in southern France 
Blog Post : French nuclear plant explosion raises fear of potential radiation leak 
RT : One dead in explosion at French nuclear plant ; no radiation leak , ASN nuclear safety agency says - Reuters 
RT : French nuclear waste explosion today . The MOX plutonium cables : 
RT : Explosion is reported in furnace at Marcoule #nuclear power plant near Nimes in southern #France 
RT : BREAKING : French nuclear plant rocked by explosion , authorities say 
RT : “ : At least 1 reportedly killed in #France #nuclear plant #explosion , no confirmed contamination : ... 
Breaking : One dead , three injured at French nuclear site explosion . No leak , said nuclear watchdog 
RT : BREAKING : French nuclear safety body says an explosion has rocked nuclear plant in southern France . - EC 
RT : Explosion rocks French nuclear plant 
RT : Explosion at French nuclear fuel reprocessing facility kills one no news on radioactive leaks yet 
RT : Explosion is reported at the #Marcoule nuclear plant in southern #France with risk of a radioactive leak , emergency ... 
RT : [ BREAKING ] One killed , 4 injured after blast at #nuclear site in South ( nuclear watchdog ) #france #ma ... 
RT : BREAKING : French nuclear safety body says one dead in explosion of oven at Marcoule plant , but no leaks . - EC 
RT : CNN is checking reports of an explosion at a #nuclear plant in France 
RT : 1 killed in blast at French nuclear waste site , source says . 
RT : BREAKING : French nuclear safety body says one dead in explosion of oven at Marcoule plant , but no leaks . - EC 
RT : Explosion is reported in furnace at Marcoule #nuclear power plant near Nimes in southern #France 
Explosion just gone off French nuclear plant nr Avignon . Say no radioactive leaks but a security perimetre is nonetheless in place .. ? 
RT : Explosion at French nuclear site kills one , no leak 
RT : 1 killed in blast at French nuclear waste site , source says . 
" : There was an explosion at a nuclear plant in Langedoc Roussillon , France : . More details as we get them . - EC " 
BBCSciNews : ' Blast at French nuclear plant ' - There is a risk of a radioactive leak after a blast at the southern Fr ... 
Explosion at French nuclear waste plant | World news | guardian.co.uk 
RT : Explosion at French nuclear site kills one , no leak 
RT : Explosion rocks nuclear waste management site in France , CNN affiliate BFM reports . 
RT : : BREAKING : French nuclear safety body says an explosion has rocked nuclear plant in southern France . - EC 
RT : Blast at French N-waste site : Explosion at Marcoule nuclear waste management site in southern France . 
One dead in French nuclear site explosion terrorists ? 
RT French #nuclear safety authority , ASN , says one person killed in #Marcoule blast but no 
New blog post : Le Figaro : 1 killed in explosion at nuclear plant in southern France - USA Today 
RT : French #nuclear safety authority , ASN , says one person killed in #Marcoule blast but no radioactive leaks ... 
One killed in blast at French nuclear waste site , source says – This Just In - CNN.com Blogs via 
RT : An explosion at the French nuclear site of Marcoule on Monday injured four people - Reuters 
RT : Explosion at French nuclear furnace exploded at the Marcoule nuclear waste treatment site in southern France on Monday h ... 
allez , koekenbak in Frankrijk : BBC News - Explosion at French nuclear plant of Marcoule . Twitter staat er al vol van ... 
RT : There is a risk of a radioactive leak after an explosion in an oven at the Marcoule nuclear site in the south of France , e ... 
Explosion at French nuclear site kills one , no leak - reuters.com - 
“ No leak ” after deadly French nuclear blast : One person was killed and three injured in an explosion ... 
RT : One dead , another seriously injured in blast at French nuclear plant ; no radiation leaks outside plant : safety body ... 
French Nuclear Plant Explosion : 1 dead , 4 injured RT Explosão em usina nuclear no sul da França 
#France 24 reports fatal explosion at French #nuclear waste management site 
RT : Next : ABC Europe Correspondent Phil Williams on the nuclear explosion in Southern France - one dead , four injured . :/ ... 
Explosion at French nuclear site kills one , no leak 
explosion at nuclear plant near Bagnols sur Ceze in France . authorities rule out contamination . security zone in place . 
RT : Latest : explosion on french nuclear plant . No radioactive leak . Via : 
RT : Explosion at French nuclear-waste plant leaves one dead , 4 hurt | 
RT : Explosion at French nuclear facility kills 1 ( BBC ) 
RT : Explosion on nuclear station in France ( no details - Marcul ) . Hope it isnt serious . 
“ : Explosion is reported in furnace at Marcoule #nuclear power plant near Nimes in southern #France ” this 
O_o " : BREAKING : An explosion has rocked a nuclear plant in southern France " 
News : 1 dead , 4 hurt in explosion at French nuclear site ( AP ) 
RT : Explosion at French nuclear site ; use historical imagery to see it in Google Earth 
Fatal blast hits N-waste plant : An explosion at a nuclear waste site in France has killed one person and seriousl ... 
Blast at French nuclear site kills one 
Explosion reported at French nuclear site : Source : www.cnn.com - - - Monday , September 12 , 2011An oven exploded Mo ... 
Blast at French Nuclear Site Is Said to Kill 1 Person : An explosion shook a French nuclear waste site in southe ... 
Blast at French nuclear site kills 1 : An oven exploded Monday at a nuclear site in France , killing one person an ... 
Nimes , #France nuclear explosion kills one , no leaks reported - / Gorgeous town in the south . Birthplace of denim . 
Explosion at French nuclear site 
Explosion at French nuclear site : No radiation leaks are detected at the French nuclear site of Marcoule , say of ... 
1 dead , 4 hurt in French nuclear explosion : A nuclear waste site in southern France had an explosion Monda ... 
RT : #France #nuclear safety body says an explosion has rocked nuclear plant in southern France ; 1 reported killed 
RT : Explosion at French nuclear site 
CNN : Blast at French nuclear site kills one : An oven exploded Monday at a nuclear site in France , killing one per ... 
Explosion kills 1 at French nuclear site : An oven exploded Monday at a nuclear site in France , killing one person and injuring four , ... 
Blast at French nuclear site kills 1 
RT : One dead in explosion at French nuclear plant ; no radiation leak , ASN nuclear safety agency says - Reuters 
Explosion at French nuclear site 
RT " : Explosion at nuclear site in southern France kills 1 " 
RT : Explosion at nuclear site in France 
RT : Explosion at nuclear site in France 
RT : Explosion at nuclear site in France 
Maha Andhra For the People « Explosion in French nuclear plant ; 1killed 
Trending now : explosion at Marcoule nuclear plant in France killed 1 person , injured 4 #yinsider 
Blast at French nuclear site kills 1 , injures 4 ( ajc ): Share With Friends : | | Top News - Top Stories News ... 
PARIS — An explosion at a nuclear waste facility in southern France killed one person and injured four on Monda ... 
RT : Blast at French nuclear site kills 1 , injures 4 #France #nuclear 
Explosion at nuclear site in southe ... 
Fatal blast rocks French nuclear waste site 
Explosion at nuclear site in France - Europe - via 
RT : Explosion at French nuclear fuel reprocessing facility kills one no news on radioactive leaks yet 
Blast at French nuclear site kills one 
' Blast at French nuclear plant ' 
5人死傷って紛らわしいよな 。 W-postは一人死亡 、 4人怪我って書いてある 。 RT : Explosion at French nuclear The Washington Post 
France nuclear explosion kills one , no leaks reported 
RT : Explosion at nuclear plant in France kills 1 : 
nuclear explosion in southern France today - - Atomic Lounge by Lucid Nation via 
France nuclear explosion kills one , no leaks reported : Paris : One person died and another was seriously injured ... 
Explosion at French nuclear waste plant 
